During the drill, the team will run across the field.
The player decided to take a shot on goal, and he missed.
My dog likes to catch frisbees after I throw them.
The boy entered through the front of the restaurant and sat at the table to wait for his food.
A man sits in front of a shop sings so well through a microphone and plays amazing music with his guitar.
The group will use the tool to make a piece of art out of metal.
I walk the dog on a leash on the sidewalk.
It is the artists' routine to perform music nightly on stage.
Let me demonstrate how to use this machine that can sew.
You need to cook the food in a pan on the stove, not leave it out in the sun.
The player will wear a jersey while on the field.
The woman closed the door in order to open the refrigerator.
The lady pushes the mower to mow her lawn.
I will roast the marshmallow on a stick over the fire
The couple sits at the table for dinner.
While talking the woman put the lipstick on her lips.
A man drives the car slowly because there is water on the road
Let's decorate the tree, we can put some music on in the background.
He hung the donut from a string so the bears could not eat it while he was camping.
The boy rides his bike through the wood following a the trail.
We took my Uncle's boat out onto the water to ride on the boogie board.
The man sat on his chair to eat his food.
I danced in front of an audience to music.
He was able to score a goal and win the game
During basketball practice the boy missed catching the ball and it hit a man standing at the side of the court.
The watermelon is cut in the kitchen with a knife.
The cook cracked an egg and separated the white from the yolk over a bottle.
The track team practices running and throwing a javelin.
I talk on my cellphone as I walk down the street.
I flash a light as I dance to music.
The man held the guitar in his hand and moved his fingers up the neck of the guitar to make music.
The dog gave chase to the ball and ran across the grass.
The old lady loved to walk her dog along the beach in the sand every morning.
He ran and jumped with the pole onto the mat.
A fisherman is fishing using the cast net from a boat, spreading in the water body
The man takes care not to get the wheel of his bike on the sidewalk when he rides.
I put the piece of fabric into the machine to sew.
The man cuts his grass with a lawn mower that he can ride.
To decorate the tree for Christmas please put the red ornament on the tree.
As the women approached the door, the women took hold of the knob, turned it and proceeded to open the door and enter the building.
The girl will wear a dress when she stands on the sidewalk.
There is a fenced in area where my dog likes to run.
The man pours a drink from the bottle into the glass.
The woman stands in the bathtub to shave her legs.
The child will throw the object at a distance and it will spin.
The man stood at the front of the crowd to take the group picture.
The boy sat down and smiled while he snapped his fingers.
The team competed on the field at the game.
Don't wear a shirt when you ride a scooter
A dog runs through the trees and snow.
The boys were jumping on the trampoline when the ball was thrown through our window.
The clowns juggle balls with music in the background
The man read the newspaper while drinking coffee.
The group will clap their hands while singing a song.
A person can use a mop to clean the floor.
The students had to stand at the the front of the class to give their presentations.
A girl is washing her hands with soap in the bathroom sink.
The boy walks towards the tree with a rope tied around his waist.
The woman adds the ingredients to the pan so she can fry them.
The man walked his dog down the street at night
At the music festival we watched the crowd, in front of the stage, dance the whole time the band played.
He use his knife to cut the piece of meat.
The teenager could ride the surfboard with a sail on the water.
The Dance Academy had a group of girls dance in the background on stage to the music the band was playing.
Apply shaving cream on the face.
The man lays down on the massage table and the therapist gives him a massage.
The couple holds hands as they walk by the water.
The girl will wear a coat while walking on the sidewalk.
The man will dig a hole to plant the tree.
the ski hill is covered in snow.
The family sits at the table and lights the birthday candles on the cake.
Fry batter in a pan, flip it with a spatula to make a pancake.
The boy played the tuba for the band. Go play on the soccer field. The current month is march. The chorus will perform a Michael Jackson song.
I had to hold my cat down to clip its nail.
A dog can perform tricks when his owner throws him the frisbee.
An old lady taught a class that would demonstrate how to use a needle and yarn to knit.
The massive weight of the heavyset man pressed down intensely on the bench as his son played on the jungle gym.
Never sit next to an alligator and hold its mouth.
The man cut a piece of wood to use in building a house.
She had to put the last ingredient into the bowl, mix it, then pour it into the tray.
At work the worker wore a vest
It was the weekend, a large crowd of local teenagers, boys and girls, had gathered to watch the new band perform on stage at the local hall.
The workers sits down to eat lunch.
The man falls on the floor when he tries to sit on a chair.
The lady laid down in er bed to read the book before going to sleep.
She sits on the bed to comb her hair.
The girls draw with their marker on a piece of paper.
when those men ride a horse for the first time and lasso those cows
The boy got in trouble because he used spray paint to put words on the school wall.
The catcher will catch the ball the pitcher throws if the batter doesn't make contact.
A man walks down a street wearing a shirt
There is a bunch of guys can be seen in the house, who are engaged in sanding the floor of the house using sanders.
Two dogs are playing tug of war with a chew toy.
While leaving his home to visit a friend, the teenage boy jumped over a pile of leaves that a woman had been raking.
The children likes to blow up bubbles and pop then in front of their faces.
The man rides a motorized scooter down the street.
In the bed, its hard not to laugh when you lay and get a tickle from the dog.
A man continued smoking his cigarette, as he looked to the moon for security.
The swimmer got into the pool to compete in a race.
The teenager will catch a wave in the ocean while on his surfboard.
When I eat food from my plate, I stuff my face.
The player gracefully dribbles the ball on the court.
The lady will demonstrate how to straighten hair with an iron.
The ball rolled down the alley after the boy hit it with the bat.
The girl brushes her teeth in front of the mirror.
The dog leaps into the air to catch the thrown ball.
A man ride on a camel towards on the top of a hill leading g group of followers behind him.
Jump over the retaining wall and run to the stage, at that point you can perform whatever track you want.
The dog like to roll on its back on the grass.
A man will sit or stand during a game when watching their favourite team.
The girl sat in the chair so the as the beautician cut her hair.
The pitcher throws the ball, and the batter hits a home run!
The teenager applied makeup to her face using a brush.
The teenager did not want to wear the helmet his mother gave him to ride his bike.
A group of young girls jump into the air and smile, they all wear a blue shirt.
During a football game, players catch and throw a ball while on the field.
The woman dismounted the horse by throwing her arm into the air.
The teenager runner in the race had a crowd of people who lined the streets to cheer him on during his run.
The sailor demonstrated how to tie various knots with rope.
You can sit at the table with beer and glass.
The man rides horse as he chases the bull.
The bartender fills the customer's glass with the beer that is on tap.
A young woman pushed the grocery cart, that held her toddler, into the store to shop.
A boy was walking the street and fell in the snow.
Instead of blowing on the pipe, Hunter decided to smoke the tobacco smoke.
While jumping and running down the track, the boy fell in the sand.
While dancing, the girl will shake her head to the music.
The children will sit on the floor while eating their snack.
Please do not feed the fish in the pond any food.
The man uses his body to paddle the kayak in the water.
Hold the sheep while I shave off the wool.
A man I've never seen decided to drop the weight he was lifting and scratch his head, he then picked it back up and continued.
I cut the skin off the pineapple with my knife
the table stand the dog and the groom
An elderly lady listens to the music while running on the treadmill.
A boy used a rope to climb to the ceiling and hang.
A group of dancers are rocking the stage by beating the floor with amzing dance,wearing amazing costumes.
The manager allowed the workers to take a break from work.
Mark tried to pull the alligator's tail when it came out of the water.
She keeps a bucket under the cow & draws milk with her hand.
The boy riding the bicycle, fell on the ground.
The man performed a tricep pull down exercise at the gym
The street party offered exquisite costumes for people to wear and dance in.
The man asks for money by holding a sign.
I will find a mushroom while I take a walk in the woods.
The pencil is sharpened using the sharpener until it is like a drill.
A man chops and cuts vegetables using a knife and a cutting board.
I had to sit down at the table to shake the nonsense from my head.
Sherrol took a stand and jumped the fence, someone had to feed this goat.
The children preferred to jump into the pool rather than swim in the water.
I put shave cream on my leg.
The man had to hang over the building to wash the window.
The man at the fruit market sold his dying vegetables for a fraction of the price.
The girl likes to dance in the room and perform music.
The boy holds in his hand the shirt he usually wears.
Sometimes a child takes a break in the middle of a long bike ride.
The girl blows out the candles on her birthday cake at the party.
A boy rides his bike over a ramp and falls off the bike.
This dog enjoys running with a ball in its mouth.
The owner throws the dog’s ball.
A man sits on the bench to read the paper.
The dog runs down the path past the bush.
The girl went on a run down the field and had to jump the hurdle.
The boy used his hand to mead a piece of the dough and then roll it into a ball.
The goal of discus is to spin and throw a disc across the field.
The players on the team pass the ball to each other to win the soccer game.
when you go for a walk the wall is covered in graffiti
In a game a man hits the tennis ball.
The group of friends sat around a campfire to roast marshmallows and tell stories.
The girl saw the couple holding hands as they walked down the street.
The dog will take a nap on the bed.
The worker takes a lunch break to eat his sandwich.
The boy rolled the dice and moved his game piece on the playing board.
It is difficult and dangerous to ride a bike down hill in the snow.
Sausage sometimes rolls around in the pan when it is cooking.
The man will coat the pin with flour when he rolls the dough.
A group of guys is throwing a ball into a cup on the table.
A Boy took a donkey ride on a cart which pulled him around.
He laid the weights down after lifting on the bench.
During the game, the quarterback will throw a pass.
The man rides a bike on a path, when the man reaches the road the man dismounts and walks his bike.
The player threw the ball across the field to make the final play of the baseball game.
The sewing machine needle needs to be threaded before you can sew.
A dog is scrubbed with soap and water in the bathtub.
The girl rinses her hands before turning off the faucet.
The man shifts the gear in his car so he can drive it up the hill.
STEP TO THE SIDE OF THE STREET: PARADE IN PROGRESS, WATCH AND ENJOY.
The boy will ride the horse and carry a flag.
It was club day at the Golf Course, a group of guys had gathered at the tee waiting to each take their turn to hit the ball and make their way around the 18 hole course.
A woman stands at the front of the building wearing a dress.
The boy marches in the parade while he play is band instrument.
Teenagers brush their hair regularly by looking at the mirror.
The student stands at the train's platform waiting for the train to get her to class on time.
The worker used a tool to apply plaster to the wall.
The girl will perform on stage in front of an audience.
A cowboy ropes a calf at a rodeo.
A man sits in the chair to shave his beard & keeps his head relaxed.
A group of children fold paper while sitting at a table during an arts and crafts time.
She laughed at his face as he put his foot in his mouth.
A boy runs on the grass and kicks the ball down the field.
The ball is thrown by players on opposing teams.
I hit the ball while I ride the horse.
a girl riding a bike is listening to music
Hold the ball there for me, so that I can hit it with my racket.
The ball hit the wall and then my shirt, leaving a silhouette of basketball-shaped dust on it.
when I cook on the grill, I usually splatter food on the shirt that I wear
A  boy was surfing on the water and as he was trying to jump a wave i saw his board flip.
A man lifts weights in front of the mirror.
The girl performed many exercises at the gym, including jumping rope.
The horse jockey took a ride before the race.
The dog used his mouth to  retrieve the stick from the water..
A woman looks the mirror during the makeup before apply to the job
The bird flies to the stick that the man is holding in his hand.
The group of women sat at the table while talking and eating.
A man will cook an egg & fry it in a pan.
The kid kicks the ball in the field
The player hit the ball and then proceeded to run.
A man Riding a horse in a field was playing polo.
Swimmers shaves his legs using razor.
A man is sitting on a chair and relaxing, while listening to classical music.
The sisters played a game of rock, paper, scissors.
I sit in the chair with a glass of wine and wear my hat.
He will use the wrench to loosen the bolt.
The Man  is sitting in a cafe and drinking coffee.
The boy puts his hand on the wheel to drive the car.
The skateboarder ordered his friend to take a picture of the trick.
The man's talks and demonstrates how to sharpen the knife.
A man reads a book while sitting in a chair.
The boy laughed as he teared the paper on the front of the notebook.
She sat down at the table to wrap the present.
Hold the mirror to paint the face with the color.
the dog ran with its tongue hanging out.
My dog can jump off the dock into the water.
The sports star had to swing the bat to hit the ball.
The dog carries the toy over the grass.
A boy shoveled snow to clear a space to park the car.
The spotter will  help the man lift the weight.
After being yelled at for standing on the bar, the man jumps down and lands on a floor mat.
On the bike ride, the couple was surrounded by trees.
The man used a hammer to hit the tire because he was angry he could not fix it.
I will demonstrate how to tie a tie around the neck.
John placed a bowl under the meat grinder, so when he started to grind it the bowl collected it all.
The children sat on the floor to open their Christmas presents.
A woman carries a bag and walks across the street.
Hold the hose to the plant to water the yard.
The dog jumped to catch the ball.
The trainer will ride the horse as it jumps over obstacles.
The woman will wear an apron to prepare the food.
The surfer plans to ride a wave on the ocean.
A man places bricks and mortar to build a wall.
We can use machine to stitch & sew the fabric piece
The shopkeeper place the id card in the scanner and press the start button.
At baseball practice, I was to throw and catch the ball!
The man standing in the area began spinning to throw the discus as far as he could.
During tennis practice the ball bounced off the court and hit the wall.
The dog catches the frisbee before it falls from the wood into the snow.
The toddler had to blow his nose into the tissue, he stood up and walked to the corner of the room to do it.
The delivery man passed a truck on the road with a fruit cart drawn on it.
The machine roasts beans and pours them into a bowl.
He wanted to hold the handle of the kite, pulled by the wind, while his friends ride the snowboard.
The dog bounded and jumped down the beach which made his leash impossible to hold.
A man taking dance lessons listens to the music and dances by shuffling each foot to the beat.
The man washes the plastic plant with water from a hose he holds in his hand.
People go to the rodeo to watch cowboys throw ropes over cattle while riding horses.
The sandwich is sitting on the plate but there is no fork, spoon or knife.
The chairs all sit in a row one foot apart to be washed.
The kid put on a helmet and rode the scooter down the street.
The girl enjoys to learn to knit from her friend, she makes a hat for the birthday celebration as a gift.
The girl used a blue pencil to draw a big hand the a piece of paper.
The boy sits on the side of the pool and uses his hand to splash the girl who stands.
The father wanted to watch his son ride his bike.
A photographer takes a picture of ducks swimming in the water.
The boy jumped off the trampoline and shot the basketball into the hoop
The kids like to sit on top of the stool and pet the small animal with the brown fur.
The cowboy rode a horse in front of the audience
While lieing down, use the band to stretch your leg.
The policeman wears a jacket while before he rides his motorcycle.
A girl laying down in the grass reading a book  wearing sunglasses.
The crowd cheers when the team scores a goal.
You should wear gloves when blowing smoke from a cigarette.
A boy stands at the front of the crowd to listen to the music while the man on the stage stands in front of the microphone.
a girl wears her headphone to listen some music while walk to the shop
You need to make sure that you perform a figure eight on your skates in your ice skating routine.
My friend talk me lies to sit on the floor, back from the door
The boy used a bowl to put the meat into as it fell from the grinder.
It is hard to get a kid to take a seat and eat when there is a lot of talk in the background.
the circus juggler lights all the ball with fire and juggles them with his hand, holding a heavy rod with his leg
A man uses a tool to remove the cork from a bottle
Don't let the ball touch the ground once he kick.
The man wears shorts as he sits on the top of the bench.
A girl had slips and she fall down on the net while practicing , swinging on trapeze, is safe.
The football player wears pants, a jersey, and a helmet, all with his team's logo.
A chef demonstrated to us how to saute vegetables in a pan.
The mother and daughter place pieces of candy in the center of the cookies after pulling them out of the oven.
The bridesmaids and the groomsman stand with the bride and groom.
The boy sits on the bed and shakes the bottle and his head.
The lady put the soap in her hand and held it.
The girls put on their goggles, hold hands and jump into the pool.
One can kick a ball, in a field, in order to score a goal - but only after a long run.
A boy was taken on a ride with a camel through the desert, lead by a guide.
I love hanging out at the beach to relax in in my bathing suit clothing.
The girl decided to wear her hat to ride down the street on her bicycle.
A blow from the referee is what the spectators watch for - they want to hear whistling.
An artist uses a belt to fight back the front of an audience.
The woman wears a glove while she cleans the toilet with a brush.
She gave me instructions on how to use the sewing machine.
The boy paints a funny face on his bike so instead of dragging it everywhere he can now ride it proudly.
Wrap the box with the strip of paper that had already been cut.
The student holds the pen is his hand and taps it on the table.
He must wear a helmet to mower around the race track safely.
The vehicle rode steadily, sails powered by the wind.
The caddy told the player to hit the ball, then turned around to tell the scorekeeper to wait a bit.
The woman cleaned her floor  with a mop and her dog chased the mop across the floor.
A tree was planted in honor of the father by the son and daughter.
A member of the marching band held an instrument during the parade.
A boy walks his dog to a field and lets his pet off the leash to run in the grass.
A person stands and adjusts his tie in front of the mirror.
The woman puts the sucker to her lips and sucks it with her mouth.
The kid eats the doughnut that hangs on a string.
The boy holds the ball before he kicks it in the air and is tackled, he hurts his head but not his knee because his pad protects him.
My friend run in the wall direction and flip in the pool to swim
The masseuse gave them a leg massage as they lie on the table.
I watched the dog run from the field to the front of my house.
The woman closes her eyes and rests her head on her companion's shoulder.
A man lies on the beach wearing pant and shirt.
The dog jumps in the puddle to splash the water during the rain.
A man rides a camel to pass a car in the street
The guy wears a shirt as he rows the boat in the water.
The girl keeps her foot on the ball until she kicks it into the air.
The crowd wears wristbands as they clap for the band at the concert.
The mugger kicks and punches the man as he falls, then runs away with the bag.
Karate masters perform physical feats like breaking blocks of wood with a kick.
The teacher demonstrates how to properly fold a pair of napkins by hand.
I pour oil on a hot stone to cook food and cut onions with a knife.
A Woman is sitting on a chair wearing a coat and hat watching the rain.
to warm up for the game, I begin to hit the ball around the area
The lady cupped her hand around the back of his neck and pulled him towards her.
A woman stands to attempt to open a bottle of wine.
I wore a sweater to take my dog out for a walk in the snow.
A woman washes a piece of clothing in a bucket filled with water.
The girl curls her hair in the front of her face before she sweeps the ice off the stone floor.
The bird spread his wings as it's body flew over the water.
The mime with the dog looks on as the kids play tug of war in the field.
The words were painted on the wall in a spray of paint.
The man waits patiently and stands in line to buy cream.
The sign says that dogs are allowed to walk on the path.
The young boy sit down on the floor and set the domino down into a row.
A man walks his dog on a pier and checks his phone.
The builder uses his spacer to know how much space he needs to leave before he lays the next brick.
The hammer hit a metal piece on the anvil.
A man demonstrates how to fold a shirt while sitting on the floor
A friend of the bride and groom will leave the wedding early.
A man throws an axe at a target and hits the bullseye.
His father demonstrates how to tie a piece of string into a knot.
The crowd surrounds the winning team and they wave flags that they carry in their hands.
A boy is running on the track, he jumps and lands in a pit.
The man who was sitting on his motorcycle was wearing his helmet and vest.
The toddler sits near the table and picks the spaghetti with a fork.
The worker went to sit and take a break with his vest on.
A man will sit on a mower to mow the grass in the field.
The welder prefers to work at night when it's easy to see the sparks fly.
The man blew at the flame to create the fire and hold the marshmallow over it.
The man walks up a flight of stairs in the mall looking through stores for new clothing to wear.
A man is sitting by a pond full of fish while holding a bottle and feeding his infant.
To remove the hair apply the strip of wax to the leg.
The mother sits in the chair and holds the books while the children look for more.
Go sit on the floor by the wall and look through the paperwork.
The player can score a goal in the game to win.
A dog was running through a field with its tongue hanging out of its mouth.
The crowd watched the boy run and throw the pole on the track.
The girl looks in the mirror as she applies mascara around her eye.
The maid makes  and pours a cup of tea with equal amount of milk and water
The machine filled the bags as they moved down the conveyor belt.
I throw the disc and the dogs runs to fetch it.
I have a pair of glass windows on hold for a good price if i can get the right tool to fix them.
During Christmas, may family dances to music and decorates the tree.
At the end of the session, lift your head using the weight at the end of the bar.
The park that we walk to has a tree that has a rope tied around it.
The workers rake the valuables jumping over the pile and finish work on the leave.
The contest was to eat the most donuts while hands are tied at the back.
I am going to sit and eat lunch in the front of my truck.
The boy sits on his bike next to a bench while eating cream.
The kid was walking home in the snow and couldn't resist throwing a snowball.
The girl applies her favorite type of cream to her face and rubs it on her cheeks.
An old woman sits in her wheelchair near the fence to feed the ducks.
The musician on stage is playing a guitar without wearing a shirt.
Cards come in a deck and you can demonstrate a game while you sit at a table.
Tim rinse the shirt in the sink along with his tie ,tim would die if his shirt his shirt is not clean on time
He asks me not to throw the knife when I give it to him because he might cut his thumb on the cutting board.
The man uses the hammer to break the rock to pieces.
The cat enjoys when it lays on the floor to get a belly rub.
As I was taking a sip of my drink, I turned my head and noticed a man that winked at me.
The kid holds the string to make the kite fly high into the sky
He nodded his head as he danced to the music and shook his body while laughing
A girl take a basket of clothe to put in the washing machine.
The mother brushed the dog's fur while standing at the table.
The kid will sit on the floor to open their present.
The artist prepares the canvas as he gets ready to create a paint art piece.
The woman turns her head to the side as the beautician braids her hair.
I had to give instructions to tie the tie around her son's neck.
She read a book at the laundromat to pass time while she waits for laundry to finish.
The girl holds her head over the sink to wash her hair.
A man cut his hand when he chopped an onion with a knife on a board.
A girl demonstrates how to use an iron to straighten her hair.
The woman held a sign displaying a dollar symbol which promoted lesbianism in business.
The man is an expert in parasailing and knows that he must hold onto the parachute while he rides the board in the water.
The dog loves to run through the snow carrying a stick.
The kid tested the weight of the water balloon before walking over to throw it.
The man with a beard wears a cap and a jacket, and smokes a cigarette.
The player drops the puck and the referee asks everyone to wait.
We took a picture  on the street and had it printed on a short sleeve shirt.
Come watch the performer swallow a sword in front of a crowd.
The couple walks underneath a tree with blossoms falling from it.
The surgeon wears clean scrubs while performing the surgery.
The vendor sells toys to visitors who walk into the shop.
The restaurant can sell hamburgers to eat and sodas to drink.
a couple dances on the floor and their friends watches them seated on the table
The karate class watched as their instructor held the board for the student to kick.
A man was woken from his sleep by his dog's paw which stroked his face as the music played.
A boy sits on the floor where he put a puzzle piece.
The woman pours tea through the filter into a glass and she places the glass on the table.
A trailer attached to a truck held a snow brush, which was also used to load machines in the truck.
The small girl sits up with surprise when the balloon she is blowing up pops.
The girl wears the shirt standing on the sidewalk and serves the short.
A man wearing gloves kneels to the ground while using a lantern to light his way.
The crowd of people watches as the marching band performs on the football field during halftime.
A man cut the grass with his lawn mower as he started to push.
The man begins the recipe by using the bowl on the counter to mix the ingredients.
The man wanted to take the day to enjoy the water to surf, but the wind was a little too intense.
A man wrapped his arm around a woman to share a kiss then lingered afterwards.
The pedestrians have to wait for the tram to pass before crossing the street.
He needed to attach the snowblower to the tractor so he could remove the snow.
The man sits on the steps of the pier to watch the fishermen catch fish.
A man is wearing a kilt on a unicycle bike while taking a ride out into the country carrying his bagpipe instrument on his back.
The mother placed balls of cookie dough on a cookie sheet and put them in the oven to bake.
My grandma has a machine that can peel an apple, and remove the core.
The crowd watches the man perform a trick on his skateboard.
The man uses shears to prune branches and cut them from trees.
A student sits in the forest and marks his book with a pencil.
The people watch as the car hits the tractor in the lot.
A girl rides her bike up the hill, then stops to flip her bottle of water.
The man at the gym lifted the weights and used the bench to lay down to watch the timer
You use the slicer to break the apple apart and put it on a plate.
The spectator cheers as the swimmer competes with the backstroke.
The girls will cheer to compete in the contest in front of the crowd to try to get them to eat pizza.
The woman pumps fist in the air while dancing around the room.
Sit on the bed to shave your leg with the razor.
The woman walks to a section in the store and touches the shirts.
the man cut his finger trying to open the watermelon to scoop the seeds from inside
The dancer performs her routine on stage for an audience.
She demonstrated how to apply eyebrow makeup to look pretty.
The boy sat at the table and folded his piece of paper into a shape.
He wore sunglasses on his head while his hands held a top and mug.
A woman working in the kitchen prepares food by cooking it.
One of the most common powerlifting exercises is the deadlift, where  you stand in front of a barbell and place both hands on the bar and attempt to lift the weight while stabilizing your arms.
The boy in front of the table liked to sit and laugh at his food.
An angry lover went to her boyfriends house on a truck, taking a ride to beat the mailbox with a bat.
The musician used his fingers to move the guitars strings. The musician fret when he hold the guitar
The man decided to sit in the park while drinking his coffee and reading the newspaper.
The suitcase was sitting on the floor ready to be packed with the clothes.
I walked to the store. The store is closed. The door was full with marks and graffiti.
The worker was told to work with the crew to direct traffic.
A man will pick pumpkin seeds and throw them through the air onto a piece of ground.
A bear runs after a dog and with his tooth drinks water.
The toddler helps his mother take the clothes out of the washer.
A woman holds her umbrella and jacket while sitting on the bench in the sun.
A woman cuts up some cucumber and onion and combines them with pasta in a bowl.
A nurse gives instructions about how to wrap a bandage around a leg.
Pour oil in the sausage tray and heat it in the oven.
A man turns meat on a skewer on a barbecue to cook it.
Took a walk down the sidewalk wearing a shirt to talk on phone
The chef explained how to cook on the grill when placing sausages.
A woman performs an activity in a building without wearing any clothing.
The waiter took the order as the customer looked at the menu.
The dog opened it's mouth to catch the treat.
Come to the pitching machine and you can practice hitting the ball with the bat.
The man stands in a field wearing nothing but jeans and looks behind him in the background.
The player from the opposing team extends a hand to shake before the game starts.
A man talks on a cellphone and dresses for a walk down the street.
A woman sits on a bench and waits for the bus to arrive.
The man has a worried expression on his face as he stands on a ladder in front of the door.
The lady sweeping the sidewalk was wearing a beautiful dress.
A man is looking at the mirror, using scissors to trim his beard.
The girl has to wear her boots to climb the fence but she can't hold her lollipop.
The girl wanted to begin her baton dance routine with a twirl.
The couple take the dog for a walk in the park.
the toddler sat on the floor and played with the beads and string
A mural of a flock of birds flying was painted on the building.
It is better to walk than to drive through water on the road during a flood.
The woman took an axe in order to chop a piece of woods.
I put the bun on the grill and toasted one side I used my hand and turned it over and toasted the other side.
A chef cuts a piece of dough in half and sprinkles some flour on top.
The runner jumps over the hurdles as he races around the track.
The toddler holds a broom and sweeps dirt from the floor.
The origami instructor demonstrates how to fold the paper into a swan on the Youtube video while music plays in the background.
The church congregation began to clap and dance with the music.
A boy likes to create art on the street by using paint and chalk as tools.
The husband and wife must take the picture of the stand.
The tourist takes a photo of a man holding an umbrella while riding a bicycle.
The crowd cheers as the swimmer competes in the race.
A boy proceeded to open a bottle and sit down at a table.
The crowd gathered around the contest participants and cheered loudly for them to eat as many hot dogs as they could.
A man explains to his wife how to sharpen a knife with a stone
The girl held then wore the bag as she stood.
A girl smiles while holding a bowl of food.
To protect his face as he painted, he wore a hat.
The cowboy rides a horse on its back and throws a lasso.
A mother reads to her son and he turns the page in the book.
Linda and her father drove to the river but had to park to get out to cross the water.
My father likes to demonstrate how to separate the egg with a bottle.
A man and a woman went to a restaurant to eat and drink wine on their date.
The dog ran away from its owner to try and catch a rabbit.
Veterans had to wait in line before they were able to board the bus.
The boy sneezes and his mother says, "bless you."
The woman get a pedicure where her foot was massaged, and he nails were clipped.
I wear my favorite pair of shorts and tank top if I walk to the grocery store.
The boy pushed his sister, and she sat in the wheelbarrow when she fell.
We had to pull the sword out to cut an apple to put in my mouth to swallow.
i walk direct down the street straight into traffic
The woman applies a product to her face and massages it in.
When I hold the cup like this the bird will eat out of it.
The woman sits on the floor and shuffles cards.
I love to eat pretzel sticks, sometimes they burn my lip and my tongue but I love to lick my fingers.
Every afternoon the couple take a walk together in the park
A man uses his grill to cook meat that looks delicious.
In the gym, we use our hands to hold weights
Hair Styler used the hair brush and hair dryer to give hair a style.
The couple on the stage danced in elaborate outfits.
The orchestra was performing music in the background while the crowd was moving to the music.
The boy listens to music while he smokes cannabis from his pipe.
The kid builds a snowman out of snow.
A man throws a knife at a board while standing
Sit on the stool and milk the cow.
A girl had a song that was nervous to sing at the bonfire party. While holding the microphone a disaster acquired. Flames flew and singed the dress.
Lindsey picked up a pencil and piece of paper and started to draw a picture of the suspect
The construction workers wear caps while working on top of the roof.
A bulldozer became dirty after pushing a pile of dirt.
A boy sits on the bed to practice the guitar.
I had to wait to cross the road because there was traffic.
The dogs jumps into the pool to get the toy
The kids shoots the ball into the basketball hoop.
She bought a bag to carry her personal stuff to avoid holding in hand
At the mountain to ride a horse on the trail.
Connor wanted to take a picture of Laurel in the air when she jumped.
A boy sits on the floor and throws a ball against the wall.
A boy will run in the field holding a stick.
The water will squirt like a jet stream when the dog barks.
You can walk down the sidewalk in front of the building.
can you tie a tie without while wearing a shirt?
My mom eats lunch before watching a movie.
The girl learning guitar figured out the proper way to hold the instrument and move her fingers.
The woman sits at the table and peels potatoes.
A boy tells his dog to sit and wait for his treat.
She stood beside the car at the gas pump when she put the gas into the tank.
The carpenter grabbed his saw and proceded to saw the very colorful piece of wood.
It's better to hold hands to dance music
A machine uses a metal piece attached to a cloth to polish other metals.
The girl held a stick in her hand and the dog jumped at it.
The girl had to wear headphones to watch her cartoon so she wouldn't disrupt her sleeping brother.
This project requires employees to wear hard hats to work.
My friend opens the bottle cap using an opener.
Playing has led the boys to build a house of cards.
The expert holds a snake with hands while talking to the school children.
The knife had to be sharpened in order to cut the very thick carrot.
At the gym the guy kicked and punched a punching bag.
A girl continues to watch as a baseball player hits a ball.
The artist continued to capture the movement of the ride at the amusement park in his sketch.
I have to carry a bag that has the shirt I like to wear.
Lie down on the table to receive your massage.
When he rides his bike, he tries to avoid hitting potholes because otherwise it makes him jump.
The family eats at the dinner table.
I should apply more mascara to my right eye so it will look the same as my left eye.
The older brother kicks a ball to demonstrate the technique of scoring points.
I have to sit in a chair so I can hold my instrument to play it.
Sit at table to craft beautyfull art
The boy practices hitting a baseball in the open field.
When the student cross and touch the dust area suddenly closed his eye and nose.
The girl wore her new jacket while standing in line for the water fountain.
On the building site,  a side of the building is almost completed and the worker will work there until it is completed.
A man holds a snowboard while a boy pulls a kite.
The girl wanted to watch the plane flying in the sky over the beach.
The ocean stands calm as the sun sets.
The little girl walked fown the street while dressed in her costume.
She beat the egg in the bowl then cooked it & ate it with a fork.
The girl begins the belly dance in the middle of the stage.
The family enjoyed the beach during the day.
A woman adds ice and liquor to a glass.
The man holds the weight on his shoulders as he squats at the gym.
The machine electronically filled and sealed the bag.
The girl removed her hair by pulling on it, but then regretted her decision so decided to try to use tape to re-attach to her head.
The group sat at the desk and wrote a new hit for the music soundtrack, once we gave them their pens.
The dog began to chase the cat down the street.
A mom walks into the kitchen and cracks an egg into a bowl.
A boy sits and holds the toothbrush over the sink.
A wife waits for her husband to finish his shopping.
A man that wears a purple hat in the park makes wonderful music and invites everyone to dance.
I taught my dog to catch his toy with his mouth when I throw it.
A woman brushes a horse that stands in its stall as he sways its tail.
The young man was thirsty so he took a bottle out of the coke machine, twisted the cap off and put it in the bin before drinking the coke.
The student gave a report on the map in the front of the room.
The lady talked about wearing her jacket.
The swimmer could hear the cheers of the crowd during his race in the pool.
He used the hammer to hit the piece of metal.
As the jogger ran on the grass, his toy whistle fell out of his mouth.
The model attempted to insert her colored contact lens into her sensitive eye.
As the man walks, he notices all the beautiful trees surrounding his path.
People cannot continue to jump and swinge at the bar.
She works out her arms using the gym equipment.
The dog trainer showed the owner how to stand up to his aggressive dog and keep him from tearing up his grass.
Run down the path but jump before you fall in the pit.
The old man sits down in a chair and smokes a pipe.
The girl is taking pictures with her friends up the mountain.
That kid had to run after the balloon after throwing it away
Do not overlook the rock in the water as you sit on the bank of the river.
The dog picked up the stick that was lying in the grass while on a walk.
I went to the skate park to try and skateboard and perform a trick
SHe gave her instructions on how to braid her hair.
The girls looks at the boy and shakes her head and smiles.
A man was standing next to a gong and hitting it with a mallet.
I blow with my mouth into the flute that I'm holding.
The boy will sit on the suitcase on the floor to pack it.
The boys dribble the basketball and practice at evening times.
The explorers will wear their helmets with a light while exploring the cave.
The lady tried to put a small sheet onto the large bed mattress.
The girl sat on the couch for her hair to be brushed.
The man with the hat is standing with his arms folded.
The woman raised her arms once on top of the mountain.
The salesman told his tailor to sew, as per his instruction , the blue suit and to use the new sewing machine and give it to him to examine.
The young girl was standing,  holding a toy cloth animal that need to be stuffed.
The man was at the gym and lifted a weight bar at the end of his exercise routine.
A dog jumps into waves at the beach.
My cousin went to see an olympic snowboarder perform his famous trick. His trick was like he was floating on air.
When it begins to thunder, the dog will run on the ground looking for cover.
The pedestrians fill the street, forcing the car to stop.
The vending machine stands in front of the building
With a quick bounce the man took a dive off the diving board into the pool.
The girls says she does not regret getting a tattoo on her hand.
The surfer will carry his board to the beach.
A person is standing on the street, wearing a hat, and smiling.
A man wearing a hat took it off and let the pole hold it while he bowed.
A horse and its jockey race around the track in a popular competition.
The guys are getting ready to celebrate their friends birthday at the restaurant.
The woman sits on the edge of the tub and shaves her leg.
A man saw a spark fly from a socket at work last night
The girl stands at the sink and brushes her teeth.
The girl jumped in the air to catch the toy thrown by her brother.
For Halloween, the couple decided to decorate the front of their house to use as a backdrop for the picture that they were posing in.
When the boat sails into the deep water, do not fall
The team carries their flag into the arena while wearing corresponding colors.
We teach toddlers to blow their noses into a tissue.
I surf in the water  with a great wave to music in the background
The man was given instructions on how to lay the carpet down.
The boy ran back to the house after he collected all the eggs in his basket.
A group of people dance by kicking their legs into the air.
The woman parked her car in front of the building.
The music teacher put her pen down on the table so the she could clap her hands to keep the band in time.
The boy uses the controller by pressing the button, holding a button and pushing the button.
The waiter was standing beside the table so that he could fold the napkin again.
the baby laughed when she took the piece of paper and tore it into tiny pieces and threw them into the air
The girl puts a piece of paper into the fax machine.
He jumps in a pool while wearing a bathing suit.
The boy's hand pets the head of a cat.
Wine is made by standing in a bucket of grapes and stomping them until the juice comes out.
The trainer runs each dog down the course
The class met in the park and in the distance watched an athlete throw around a discus.
Don't drop the fire stick you are juggling!
The woman writes numbers on the balloon before the children pop them.
The man uses the tractor to plow the snow off the road.
An animal could use a cart to push around or stuff in it things
I will catch the fish and then watch it flop in the snow.
To keep a ball pumped you can kick the air.
I apply the face lotion and rub it in.
To cut the wood you need to hold a saw.
The scientist looked in the microscope while examining a slide in his lab.
She posed for the picture in the street she used to walk to visit her friend.
A nervous man will wring his hand, sometimes crack his knuckle and play with his finger.
A boy standing on a beach flew the kite.
The group stands because there is no room to sit at the table.
An acrobat falls into a net from a trapeze during practice.
A woman takes a picture of her husbands ride on a camel.
A man sitting on the subway train reads the newspaper on his way to work.
The man uses his hand to turn the faucet, washing his shirt with the warm water.
I stand on the roof to clean the gutter.
The dog splashes the water from the small puddle.
I carry a ball to the beach as my dog loves to play with it.
The player shoots a goal and wins the game.
A tourist attached to bridge with a bungee cord jumps into a river.
A couple walked near trees as the leaves fell.
A worker carries a cone into the street.
A man uses a special pen and paper to write calligraphy.
The clown juggled 3 light blue balls over the fire.
You should use an axe to chop that piece of wood.
The fourth grade class, presented a science project in front of the school.
If you're not going to hold the snake put it in the cage.
A man cleans the pool and the dog follows.
A man sits in his car and drives a lap around the race course.
The man stops driving his vehicle to let pedestrians cross the street.
A man burns an image into a piece of wood.
A good athlete can shoot a basketball in the hoop while jumping on a trampoline.
An old man lays in bed rubbing his aching foot.
The dog chases the rabbit through the snow.
She packs clothes into a suitcase as she talks.
The man paints a piece of paper with spray.
The girl sat and read over the music for the piano recital.
Come sit at the table with me for a game of dominos
A dog owner was asked to bring a toy to the donation box.
The girl twirls the stick to get rid of the fire at the end of the stick.
Mom used a knife to cut a slice of orange.
The man rides a motorcycle and pops a wheelie.
A family went to the park to fly kites way high in the sky.
The boy decided to sit in front of his drum set to hit the cymbal.
A construction worker is welding pipes, causing sparks to fly.
The teacher gives instructions to the students about how to solve the puzzle cube.
A dog fetches water with a ball.
A woman brushes her hair out of her face and uses her hand to fix it properly.
While at the beach, the girl threw a stick for the dog in order for him to catch it.
When you open a bottle of wine, you unscrew the cork.
A man will drink beer and eat chips.
The girl dribbled the basketball and shot it into the basket.
I wanted to cheer my dog in the race, he had sle.
The woman performs strokes while she swims in a pool.
A man that wears a suit will come to shake your hand.
The girl sits at the table to count her money.
The man's hand was wrapped in bandages, so he wears a glove over it.
The lady wore gloves before she dyes her hair.
Tim's mother watched him climb the wall while listening to music on his headphones.
The worker put on his hat and jacket to wear outside.
The basketball coach like to have practice in the gym.
The young woman carried a bag of stuff as she walked down the sidewalk.
The man is going to demonstrate how to juggle balls while talking.
John saw a girl walking on the street while he was smoking the cigarette.
The chef walked into the kitchen to prepare the meal ordered by the guests in the resturant.
The greyhound in the number three spot ran around the track faster than the previous winner.
A big crowd gathered to watch the event.
To perform the trick, he would run and flip off the wall.
The couple will sit and watch the movie.
A boy used his hand to feed the fishes in the tank.
The air stirred as the bull ran past and I used my hand to grab ahold to ride it.
The athlete performs superbly at the long jump at his track meet.
Before going to work he had to get the snow shovel from the garage and shovel the fresh snow off the driveway.
The man stood against the wall and stretched his arm.
The boy sits in front to look at graffiti on the wall.
Tom went to hold the tool in his hand when he felt his fingers lock.
A teenager picks up a tool and chips it on a piece of rock.
The player holds the football while running then stops to kick it.
You can scramble to cook an egg in a pan on the stove.
He angered his superior because he did not forget to wear his sunglasses, but forgot to bring his gun and helmet.
The man stood at the grill and placed the sausages on it he wanted to cook.
Walk into room with phone to my ear
The boy wears the hat to take a photo
A kid throws a ball to a bunch of friends.
The woman jumps to begin to perform her routine.
The man demonstrates how to fold napkins with only your hands.
The man fed the piece of wood into the machine.
The man sits on the couch and holds his cup.
He threw the hatchet to hit a bullseye on the target.
A man rides his bike though a wooded area.
i stuck my foot in a barrel full of grapes that i wanted to stomp
The cop told the vagrant to throw the object on the ground and turn around and walk away.
The man uses the blower to clear leaves from the yard.
The woman took a fall in the snow on the ski slope.
Connor pushed Laurel down, so her face turned red, hair messed up and her tongue stick out of her throat.
The fat man watches the pig turn on the spit as it roasts.
The machine throws sand on the floor when it works.
A boy walks quickly on the sidewalk lined by trees.
Alexis crossed the street wearing a yellow dress.
How to make a rope and chainsaw to cut high tree limbs.
The girl wore a shirt but did not want to wear a hat when she went to sleep.
A woman wears gloves to wash dishes.
My sister likes to fill the balloon with water and throw them.
The performer dances on stage in front of the audience.
A boy blows out a fire on stick that the boy was holding.
A boy was sitting down and wanted to look out by the far waving trees so he grabbed the binoculars off the floor and got a gaze.
Ryan went from holding his hand of cards to throwing on the table in defeat.
The teenagers would sit at a table and arm wrestle each other.
The boy sits and waits for his friend to arrive from the flight.
The student laughed as she tripped running across the room to open the door.
The student was taught to cover the mouth with the hand should a yawn occur.
The man uses his favorite tool to work on the object in question.
I stepped on someone's foot as I was doing the dance shuffle to the music.
The man wears a uniform and rides a motorcycle.
The boy rides down a hill on his BMX and jumps off a ramp at the bottom.
When you stand and move your head and your leg, you begin to understand the value of stretching.
To play game kid needed to sit on floor
i watched the band perform in the front row while standing on my brothers shoulders.
I will take that piece of metal and use the welder to weld it to another piece of metal.
As soon as she was done brushing her hair she walked out of the room.
The dog is sticking its tongue out as it walks down the street.
The teacher asks the student to read from a book during class.
A dog has snow in the mouth while having a walk.
Husband and wife is sitting on the bench.
The man jumped the ramp after covering the wall in graffiti to get away from the cops.
To reach the end of the pool you have to swim about 50 feet.
The guy stand in front of the table and look at the food.
My boyfriend likes to focus on an arm exercise, he mostly doe his work at the gym with a machine.
My dog is carrying an unknown object in his mouth.
A man sits in front of the computer next to a window.
The boy sits on the chair to blow the candles of the cake on the table
The town's folk watched the officer ride his horse down the street.
As the man waits to board the train, he hopes that there is not a large crowd on it.
He was getting his chest waxed, because he couldn't pull the strip off himself.
The man wears a hat for a walk on the beach
I like to park the car near the sidewalk then walk to the store.
The crowd stood in the background as they listened to the music.
The student blows air into the balloon, then lets go after tying the end.
The woman went to demonstrate how to hand wash in the bathroom.
The makeup artist used a brush to apply lipstick to the performer's lips.
The guide held the rope firm while the child rode the horse around the canal.
The couple had to wait until they could sit down at the restaurant to order their food.
I pull the weight at the gym to exercise.
The son teaches his father how to ride a bike.
I sat down on the step to put my shoe on.
A boy uses his hand to hold and eat a watermelon slice.
The child is using a wand to blow bubbles from a bottle.
I have to wear my glove when I punch the bag,.
The boy rides his bicycle up a ramp into his driveway.
I will demonstrate the step needed to tie the necktie.
The crowd watched as the performer swallowed the sword.
The boy sits at his piano and presses the keys to make beautiful music fill the room.
The lady applied the wax so she could remove the hair from her lip.
A kid rolls a ball of snow.
The man wearing pants was chosen to climb up the large rock.
The girl blows her nose with tissue after she combs her hair with a brush.
A lady in a blue dress is dancing to hip hop music.
The woman had to balance while walking on the tightrope toward the pole.
A boy pushes a puck to the, it hits the table where it stands.
A baseball catcher tags the runner as he slides toward home plate.
The woman is talking on the phone ignoring the toddler walking around.
The young man, a spectator at the Moto GP jumped up to watch as the bike crashed into the fence.
Watch the dealer shuffle the card deck while the players sit at the poker table.
She holds a flower, while he kisses her cheek.
A small kid reaches up to pick fruit off the tree.
The guitar player went up on stage wearing a shirt with the name of the band on it.
His father was so angry that he hit the wall with an open wine bottle and shattered it everywhere
The surfer puts on their wetsuit before swimming out, hopping to catch some gnarly waves.
The woman looked angry, standing with her arms crossed.
Tears fall down a girl's cheek as the mother rolls her eyes.
a chef chops vegetables in his kitchen for dinner
The doctor demonstrates how to blow a nose.
Some people will sit at a table and drum with their pen.
The lady wants to wear a shirt that look's nice.
A boys used a can of paint to spray the wall.
The man and woman will continue to move while walking and holding hands.
The man cleaned the window wearing a new shirt.
The arcrobat held a pole while walking on the high rope.
The game will continue for several minutes, until the referee blows the whistle to signal the end of the match.
The owner throws a stick and the dog returns the stick.
The man washes his hands and dries them with the dryer on the wall.
The girl feels pain when her ears are pierced.
A person is moving their boat through a body of water.
A boy holding a balloon pops it with a pin
She will wear her new shirt, and she smiles when her hair is styled.
The bird shook its wings in the bird bath in order to spread water over its feathers.
A man sweeps the sidewalk in front of the store.
Chad wrapped his arm around her neck and gave her a kiss on the cheek.
The boy went to lay in on his bed, chewing gum he began to blow a huge bubble.
Everytime the broom moved, the dog chased it.
The boys riddled with the flu use a tissue to wipe the snot from their noses.
Please lie back and stick the tongue out.
I used my arm to lift the weight and that is my work out
The volleyball player jumped in the air to hit the ball.
I like to stand when I use to axe to chop the log.
The building is being painted by the man who is hanging from the side by a rope.
I accidentally put a piece of the puzzle on the floor.
The girl climbs a tree and jumps from a branch.
A dog experiences snow at this time.
A boy wears a hat and looks at distance after a girl.
The man competed in a no-hands eating contest.
The boy watches while the dog enters the building.
A referee flips a coin to decide which player goes first
A man can not pick up a dump truck
I drink a beer and talk with friends at a table.
The woman went to the bathroom to apply the dye to the hair.
The woman walks to the front of the bus on the street.
The point of view of the film was a person on a bike ride.
the girl who sit in front of me have hair braid
A man folds a paper sheet with his hands.
The man stood and skipped rocks across the river.
You can hold my hand while we sit here at the table.
A student raises her hand if she knows the answer to the teacher's question.
The clown demonstrated how to twist a balloon into a shape.
The woman had to wear a glove to clean the toilet.
The teacher wrote the math problem on the board to explain it to her students.
The farmer used the clipper to shear the sheep for its wool.
A woman walks down the sidewalk holding her bag.
The couple hold hands on the sidewalk.
A kid eats a donut while sitting.
She performed a routine skate as she rounded the rink.
I was preparing to cook food in the kitchen.
Treats are given to the dog when the trainer teaches a new trick.
The woman walking in the rain was wearing a red dress and holding an umbrella.
The couple sits on the bench to watch traffic.
A man listens to music on headphone while walking.
The man watches the bull before putting on his cowboy hat to go for a wild ride.
The young girl holding a stick was wearing a red shirt and a blue pant on.
A lady was sitting on a bench but stood up to greet her friend.
Amy used her new straightener to straighten her hair.
The woman wore a jean jacket has she walked down the street.
A girl swings from a rope hanging from a tree and jumps into the water.
The girl was peeling an orange with a knife and she cut her hand.
The child held his mothers hand so he could pet the goat.
The golfer hit the ball into the hole.
A boy set a cymbal on the stage and hit it with a stick.
The wax strip was applied to the girls two eyebrows.
The dog wore a coat in the snow to stay warm.
A woman wear a jean shirt on a bike ride.
The factory worker uses a meat grinding machine to make hamburger.
The dog fell too sleep in front of the fire.
My best friend enjoys drinks while sitting at the bar.
The women wears the glove to handle the snake.
Some times I blow a bubble all over the shirt I like to wear.
The men watched the game while drinking beer.
The crowd cheer as the game comes to an end in the field
The fans cheer with excitement as the team wins the game
a dog licks his nose and walks away
The owner watches a dog sit.
The barbell will drop to the floor following the lift.
Boy with glistened eye gave me the nod.
The girl got to feed the baby goat some milk with a bottle.
The man lays down on the table so the lady can give his neck a massage.
The worker drove to work on the highway at night.
A man walks to the street to meet a friend.
The wind continued to blow the leaves around the yard.
The man is holds a plate while drinking a glass of wine.
The dog drank water from a bowl.
The jockey was riding the horse, he jumped suddenly when the  barrier came.
The old man put the pipe in his mouth and smoked it.
A girl dips her brush in paint and then paints a picture.
A couple sitting on a bench enjoying the nice view of the sunset.
The dog is wearing the dress like a jacket look.
The boy rides on his uncle's shoulder while his uncle sits on a unicycle.
The dog, its teeth bared, ran toward her.
The hockey player held his stick while he skated on the ice.
The boy sits on the couch with his dog and plays the harmonica.
In order to bobsled, you need to run, push and jump into the bobsled.
Every day I put my foot in the sock that I wear.
The kids sat and watched their parents dance around the room.
One man holds a board while another man breaks it with a kick.
The boy swims to touch the wall in the pool.
The father takes the potato peeler in his hand and peels the potato.
A man sits on a chair and looks at the newspaper.
The rider jumps in the air while on a bike.
The car drives down the street over the pedestrian walk way.
The teacher gives instructions for the test by using variables and demonstrating proper usage.
As the game continued the crowd watched from the side of the court.
The word logo appeared on the screen.
Step on up young lady sit on Santa's lap, give him a hug and ask what you would like for Christmas.
The boy wears headphones in a room filled with drums.
The guy wore a shirt and jeans while walking down the sidewalk.
The man stretched his leg as he laid back.
The woman uses a brush before she begins to blow dry her hair.
The man pulls the boat into the dock so he can tie it to the post.
The photographer takes a picture of the wedding.
The man walked on the street surrounding the building.
The woman combs the mans hair before she uses her scissors to cut it.
A woman sits on the floor and massages her foot.
The boy climbs a rope to the top and then slides down.
A parent watches their kid swim in their pool
When I go to the store I buy cream, after picking it up I wait in line to pay for it.
I use a clipper to cut my hair in the bathroom.
While using the microphone, the groups were able to hear, please sit down and listen to the talk given.
A man stands at the front of a house getting ready to build a porch.
The athletes are on the track field practicing the broad jump.
The man used a mechanical device to clean debris from the gutters at his house.
Honda recommends that you check the tire pressure by looking at the gauge and by poking the tire.
The students listen when the teacher reads a story.
The professor did not want to give a second lecture for one tardy student.
She demonstrates how to apply makeup to the eyebrows
A man was about to talk to his friend, but then he began to shake and had to sit on the chair.
She was carrying her shoes in her hands while walking on the beach.
The girl sit in the chair to drink a cup of tea
A girl runs into the ocean and swims as the waves crash around her.
watch the side of the ball as he throws it
The man took a hit from the cigar and blew out the smoke.
A man ties the tie while listening the music on the background.
The boy kept a close eye on the cube trying to solve it.
A little girl watched her father shave his beard with a pair of clippers.
The boat sail was attached with extra rope so the crew was able to ride over the sand bar.
He takes a picture of his father and son together.
The dog wore a muzzle while running the race.
the man stop the vehicle in front of the park and he store the snacks in the bag
They noticed a lady standing out front of the clothing store wearing all black.
The man falls as the dog leaves the house and runs out to greet the man.
The painter will cover the window before puts any paint of the building.
A boy holds an eyes lens in place.
The boy wears a shirt with a number on it while he runs.
A man in suit walks carrying a briefcase.
The man used a hand hold the mug by the handle.
A teenager wears a helmet as he rides down the ramp on his skateboard.
On the walk from my room to the bathroom a ball hit me in my face.
A man was standing on the front of the table looking for his watch in the upper cabinet.
I help my mother to wash the dish.
She cleaned the bottom of her shoe with a cloth.
Please lie on the bed for a foot massage
The man looks down from the mountain, of which he stands on top.
The butcher told customer to sit while he cut a piece of veal on the cutting table.
I shave my friend hair what everyone else laugh on him
The girl tried to carry her instrument in the Halloween parade but her dress she wore as a costume kept getting in the way.
The chef is preparing food in front of customers on a grill.
The woman threw an object in the pool and the dog dove to retrieve it.
The lead major marched the band down the street.
The man standing in front of the car took a photo of us.
The waiter came to stand at the table while the woman read the menu.
when is hold my hand into the current, it jostles and tumbles under the water.
The driver looked at the truck on the road as he rode by in his vehicle.
A kid photographed his friend posing with a raft in the water.
The young boy covered in dirt sits in grass on the knoll
Holding a mug, the teacher sits at her desk while wearing a jacket and using the microphone.
A woman lays on the floor to stretch her legs, counting how long to stretch each leg.
The short coat that I am wearing to hike up the mountain will cover my entire front and back.
The class for art takes place at a facility.
Taking wet clothes out of the washer and putting them in the dryer made her laugh as she remembered a funny meme on Facebook
A man in a suit will watch from the shore as they fish from a boat.
The fingernail technician laughed at the clip of the clippers blowing in the wind.
the dog nd parrot sit on the ball filled with air.
A man watches from the side as the gymnast stands on the bar.
A man carries his pillowcase, his sandals, his shorts & his toddler up the stairs.
I had to rub the button with my finger so it would not stick to my stomach.
The girl walks over to the pump and begins to pump water that pours soda into her bucket.
Wear a helmet while sitting up front on your scooter and riding on the sidewalk.
The drummer and guitarist are set up to perform in the middle of the stage.
The sign says the wait for the ride is 20 minutes, and riders should hold on tight to their money and other belongings.
The marathon runner was not only given water after the race but also an umbrella to hold from the downpour of rain.
When preparing a fire you should always have enough wood, but also a safety plan, and  Talk about safety features like having a pot of water nearby.
The husband and wife kissed at the end of their wedding ceremony.
He jumped into the river although he was not even wearing shorts because he just loves to swim.
He rested his head after carrying a bag full of plates.
The girl sitting at that table will swirl the wine in her glass before taking a drink.
The mechanic wears his gloves while putting the new tube in the tire.
The baby wears a onesie and sleeps on her side to take a nap.
a boy buys a bike bundle from a bike vendor and goes for a ride in nice weather.
A player attempts to score a point for his team.
The street vendor cooks the food on the grill and then serves it to customers waiting on the street.
The group of guys in Vegas knew how to insert their number card in the machine and enter the amount they wanted.
The boy found treasure by sifting the dirt through water.
The girl laughs as she tears the photo of a face off of the front of the paper.
The factory worker checks the meat machine for quality meat production.
We wear our best smile and laugh walking on the sidewalk.
The girl wanted to wear her new top and skirt with her flops because it makes her boyfriend smile.
The team posed for a picture on the field with a crowd in the background.
The woman who was viewing the sunset, saw a nearby building colored with bright red light.
To shave, pull your dress up, stand straight and put your leg on the toilet.
A girl takes a picture of tulip in front of the room and kisses it.
A photographer learns from his son how to use the equipment.
The bird was trying to fly in the dark but flew through the air and hit the gong.
The ball bounced on the top of the table holding a cup.
The ball was attached to a string, and you win the game by spinning and throwing it.
Being an early riser, he always finds a chair before the room is filled with people and there is no space to sit but stand.
A man gave a tutorial on how to arrange a flower in a vase to give to a woman.
A girl wearing a striped shirt pushes a cart.
The boy found a cat sitting in a chair clipping his nails with his teeth.
The lady take bread from the bag and put it on the plate.
The grandma used her hand to pet the cat as she laid in bed.
The wax was put on teh leg hair and pulled off quickly.
A girl climbs a tree and jumps to the ground from a branch.
I write for a newspaper where i usually rest my hand upon my chin when i edit my work.
The butcher cut the animal in the meat section.
With the use of a hammer, the coach hit the tire hoping it would knock loose.
A boy in shirt sits on a sofa to work at the laptop.
After falling while running, he had dirt and grass on his lip, which he tried to lick away.
When visiting a military base, we are to hold our head high, stand fast, do not walk and salute the flag as it is being raised on the pole.
The machine continue to move in order to capture the movement of the car as drove.
The team put on their uniforms, then stretched out before performing their exercises.
Before wearing the multicolor stockings she was carrying she had a designer stripe a few stripes
The young couple watched as their kid climbed the tree closest to the river of water.
He bowled the ball, and as it rolled it struck the leg of a spectator.
The boy balanced on foot to push the ball in hand.
The man in sunglasses walks across the street to buy a case of beer.
The window cleaner stands on the ladder to clean the window with a squeegee
A man rubs his head while he sits in a field and watches the cows.
The floating pieces of wreckage from the shipwreck included bodies and barrels
The woman walks through the door frame after close and follows directions to her car.
The child put the marble on the track and watched it roll.
I will connect the pieces of rope with a knot, then tie it around my waist.
Concerts are more exciting when the band jumps off the stage and surfs the crowd.
My exercise route includes holding bar with weights over shoulders while squatting.
A day at the beach makes a boy grow tired and turn away from the water.
The woman wearing a dress stands in front of the man wearing a kilt and playing the bagpipes.
The woman sprayed the dog with a hose so the dog would not jump in the pool.
As the man attempts to climb the wall he makes sure he wears the necessary gear.
The quarterback throws and passes the football to the team during a game.
The toddler dances in a pink dress to music.
The girl sits on the ground holding a box of chalk, and writes her name on the pavement.
I put a slice of orange into the jug of juice that was sitting on the table.
A snowboarder rode the cubicle, that was hanging from a wire, up the slope.
The girl dipped her wand in the soapy solution and blew a bubble.
The pelican cut the food floating from the watercraft.
The woman stared at the color of the clothing, standing and wondering what she will wear.
The man  kicked heels and jumped for joy upon receiving the news
The lady holds a stick while she sits on the ground.
The man sitting on the concrete slab, smiled and waved an item in his hand.
audience generally cover their head and wear suit to protect them from extreme cold in open air theatre.
While the dog sleeps in the bed, the cat bites at his collar.
The teenager tip toed across the floor and stood on one foot.
He had to wear his hat and raincoat outside so his mom could quickly sweep the floor.
There is a boy on the bridge, and   He is wearing a red shirt, and  He is holding a bottle of soda, and  He looks scared.
A man wears sunglasses and a blue shirt while running a race.
The students receive the awards on stage and shake the principals hand.
The man smiled while driving a car with a cup in the hand.
The redheade wears a costume when she rides her horse in a rodeo.
A person can use a peel which is a tool to skin an apple.
The girl sitting on the swing which hangs from a tree is wearing boots and a sweater.
The kids practiced at school to perform at the event.
The players wearing coats listened for the bus.
A sailor in a white dress holds tickets to a show why she walks down the sidewalk.
The swimmer used  smooth strokes to swim on  the side of the pool.
The bulldozer will push dirt and rock from the pile
The man in the jean shirt closed his eyes while playing his guitar.
The woman is driving a snow blower down the side of the road as snow blows everywhere.
Turn the handle to close or open the door
The mason put the brick onto the wall and used a mallet to pound it into place.
The animal will chase a dog with a string around its neck because it likes to run after stuff.
The man opens and closes his mouth, which reveals his gums and lips.
A baby sits on the floor and drinks milk from a bottle.
The worker could not see the cloud of dust rising behind him, and  He instead was busy trying to create more work for his brother.
The line of cars leaving resemble a locomotive.
The bus driver told the woman not to talk so loud on her cellphone as he drove.
The clown dresses in multicolored clothes to perform his act.
After school, the kids ran around the football field and played catch.
The singer in the sequined shirt stands in front of the microphone and holds a guitar and a lighter that singes his fingers.
She uses a stick to walk up the mountain and binoculars to look at the view.
The hitch-hicker stands on the side of the road holding a sign
The girl can sit at the table and count the money using her hand.
A man wearing sunglasses lays his head on his backpack.
The man riding  on the horse attempted to lasso the cow.
The women places the glass she had been holding on the table with a lamp so that she can fix her hair.
A mail carrier will scan a package once it is delivered.
The audience sat to watch the game on the tv stand
The little girl is leaving her home and lining a path of stone while walking to the tree.
A woman wears a headscarf and stands on the cobble stones in the courtyard.
The boy started to chase the ball alone, while the player of the century held it alone without the support of his team.
The man demonstrates how to use the machine to grind meat.
The diver swam pointed to the school of fish swimming in the background, and Fish swim in schools.
The little boy smiles while holding onto the rope and wearing his helmet.
Coat the front of the painting with gloss, making sure you hold the stand.
A man turned on the bathroom faucet and placed a hand under the water while rubbing soap onto the skin.
The coached watched the athlete jump over the bar onto the mat.
"He crack the knuckle so the action produce the sound."
Lets sit at the restaurant and eat cheese and drink wine.
A boy jumping over a pile of snow falls to the ground.
The woman watches in disbelief as the boy shoves food in his mouth.
Running the marathon helps raise money for cancer research.
A lady uses cut up old pieces of rug to wipe the window.
Upon winning the award, he was required to give a speech in front of a crowd.
The lady sits on the step to smoke while using the laptop to access the internet.
The man put on his jeans, shirt, and cap and carried his lunch pail and drum to work.
The dog stood on the platform and looked at the rubble.
A girl wearing a pink shirt holds the score marker while her classmates run around the track.
The professor gave the students in the hall a list to fill of assignments.
The man pops the cork of the bottle and takes a sip.
A girl stands on the stage holding a piece of paper.
A woman shaves her legs and then sets the hair on fire.
"Shoot the running dog and ride like a horse," said no one ever.
The lady explains the process of applying makeup.
A woman sits in the morning light, eating food from a box and a bucket.
Boy wearing blue glasses was popping knuckles on his hands.
The girl painted a picture of a boy with a cute face wearing a blue shirt.
The turker griped that there was a problem with the photo and was invited to redo their work.
As I stand in the room with my arm and hand around the ball, I wait to throw at the person across from me.
Cheerleaders cheer when teams take the field.
The front gate between the street and our home needs to be clean to meet HOA requirements.
The little boy sticks out his tongue while holding a jacket and balloon.
Give simple instruction to hit baseball off tee.
I cannot balance myself on this tightrope because it's not properly tied to the pole, I want to use a stick to walk.
Individual has to descent down the market to buy meat grill.
The fireman sat in front of his firetruck to talk with others on duty.
A girl sits and holds a box with her eyes closed.
The girl, standing on a hill, will shoot an arrow from her side when the deer approaches.
A toddler sits on a bench and cries with his finger in his mouth.
Look and see for yourself, if you run your finger through your hair, you will finish it in no time.
The girl watches a bunch of boys run and jump into a pit.
Stand in front of the mirror and snap the front of the shirt closed with your fingers.
You cannot stop your car in the middle of the road to visit a fruit stand.
The male sits, and   play a game at the table, and  The game is chess.
That man didn't want to clothe himself properly so he just walked wearing a robe through the hallway even during the day.
Hold this statue of a football player in a quarterback position.
The man strikes the watermelon with a knife, cutting it in half, with the top sliding off of the bottom.
The dog jumped from the back of the boat into the water.
The man used the machine to fill the casing with sausage meat.
She cleans her dry face with a paper towel near the toilet.
A fisherman watched a fish flop onto the ice.
The newspaper was placed on the table to be read; however, the toddler had other plans for the paper.
The sales entitles a customer to take a discount at the store on North Street and other places.
When the girl mounts the diving board, she will bounce once, flip in the air, and dive into the pool.
The elephant helped guide the tour group and helped them cross the river.
Beautician let her  to  laid down on the table for giving  face massage
The desk  next to the box.It looks like it will hold a computer and a phone
The elderly woman stood by the ocean at the beach, wearing her new bathing suit looking out over the water.
The lady wears sunglasses to walk through the field and talk to her friend.
Johnny chopped the tree in half with an axe while standing on the log.
A man parks his car and watches a crane lift a dead body from the water.
Take care your hand not take fire when you hold a scale near the wall, there must be a cooking machine nearby.
The chef will first sharpen the knife with a stone, then demonstrate its sharpness.
The woman broke the egg with a fork and pours it into a skillet pan to whisk it.
The seamstress put the needle in her hand and used some thread to sew up a dress she was making.
The box is a dispenser that folds and moves paper.
A man wearing overalls smiles as he lifts his arm to wave at his girlfriend.
The karate class learned to break a piece of wood in half.
The boy skiing behind the boat was told to ride and perform a trick on the water.
A man sits at the front of a bar, and  He pulls his drink closer and holds it tightly as he stares at his reflection in the mirror.
The injured boy laying on his back on the ground can move his arm but not his leg.
The man on the street wearing the brown shirt is smoking a cigarette.
When a baby has reached a certain age they will begin to smile and crawl, pretty soon they may even use their hands to clap happily.
The girl likes to wear a ball cap outside while she enjoys a popsicle and laughs with friends.
If the surfer falls of the board due to a wave they should catch it afterwards
A body performs a movement with music in the background.
A man in a restaurant looks at the menu, reading it while he sit next to the window
The man wears flannel to the pumpkin field, where he touches the vegetables.
The weather icon is shown on the front of the map, he was standing there to report it.
A tree poses in front of a cup that a boy is holding.
I read a advertisement in a magazine while i was riding on the subway.
The children dance in the room where the lights change color.
The submersible rose leaving the wreck in darkness
A man demonstrates how to clean by polishing a pair of shoes
The man was wearing a pouch and carrying a ladder for a project.
The cook  wearing an apron and hat cut the sausage in the kitchen.
He spun around once then threw the disc toward the field where it flew past the jogging track and went out of sight.
The child wanted to blow a bubble from the side of her mouth while standing in front of the chalk board, but wondered if the teacher would let it slide.
The man wore a kilt and began to throw the hammer into the field.
A woman ties a string to her wrist and ankles and dances.
He was standing up to look out over the snow while she sat and read the paper.
The machine placed the item into the bag and sealed it for freshness.
The man listen to music by smoking through pipe in a dim light.
The boy took one step per distance required and was able to throw the ball into the circle in one shot.
The cow's milk was put in the pail.
The woman uses a blow dryer to blow dry her hair.
The boy liked to ride his skateboard at night because each wheel would glow.
The knife missed the target on the man's back and hit him in the foot instead, forcing him to lay down.
She took a flower from the basket in the corner, and gave it to her friend wearing the yellow dress.
She looked out of the front of the building to locate the plane.
The water from the hose pushed the debris out of the gutter.
She held her sunglasses so she could easily scroll through the photos to find the man with short hair and a tattoo on his arm.
The woman was about to take a picture of a couple who were on a trip but, first she had to lay her bag down on the ground to free up her hands.
The woman laid on the back of the stand and waxed the stomach of the client.
A man is holding an alligator in the water and is pulling its tail.
The man sits at the table wearing blue striped pants and a red shirt.
In circus ,men throw the knives on to the target mounted on the stand in front of them.
The crowd watches the man's performance with joy and clapped as he danced on the stage.
Leading the game involves touching the head.
A biker rides on the track wearing his outfit.
He pulled his car along the side of the road to wave to the passing crowd
The beautician give the instruction for the braid hair style like a doll look.
Spectators watch while a racer jumps a bike.
Please give me a hand with this machine push this button so I can sew a little while before my test.
The worker wore gloves as he placed the meat in the grinder.
The head moved by smiling and sticking the tongue out.
The cook mixed the ingredients to present of the plate.
Volleyball is a sport where jumping occurs and a ball is hit over a net; it can be played on the beach.
The toddler climbs the ladder, then walks down the path.
A Couple pose for a picture in front of the water fountain
The girl  lied about using a blower to spin the chair, and .
The boy wears swimming trunks to jump off the rock into the water.
The postal worker tosses the package towards the house and walks away.
The people stand in barrels and stomp on the grapes to make wine.
A woman looked through the window of a cafe and saw a man drinking coffee.
The teammates celebrated the player who scored the winning touchdown.
Male owner holds puppy's leash as they walk on a path.
The boy chewing a toffee standing in front of the fence with a nail in bucket.
The woman sat at the table and peeled the apple with a knife.
The man wears a hat while eating a bowl of noodles with a chopstick.
A wedding dance may include attaching money to a bride's clothes to dance with her; it would look funny.
The weightlifter raises the set of weights above his head and then drops them to the floor.
The toddler stood in the open field and let his kite fly high and far.
The boy sits on the floor to tie his shoelace on his shoes.
No girl can talk on her cellphone while the wind is blowing through their hair.
A woman dressed, walked out of the building, and then noticed her dress flowing in the wind.
The owner of that dog will often come to wait in front of our shop for his female companion.
After opening the bedroom door ajar the boy revealed a bed he had found
The boy had to press the button on the device to turn on the light.
The decorator used glass to hold the photos sitting on the wall.
The woman tried to cover her drink of water in the mason jar with the towel to stop the bee.
Ana dresses her shirt, put her eyeglass on, brushes her hair and then she waits for her husband while she watches tv.
There was a sign of bike on his shirt and a flash on his cap.
The player dressed in blue is preparing to throw the ball
The dog wore a muzzle, all set to race.
A man uses a pulley and a rope to move furniture into the building through a window.
The rider wore down the gears going around the corners of the course.
The  rest of the dominoes  will fall   with a push from the fingers.
The boy holds the popsicle in one hand and eats a chip from the bag with another.
The dog ran down the hill and kicked some dirt when he quickly stopped.
Wash the dish and place it on the rack to dry.
A man drives a tractor on the side of the road while talking to a friend.
I likes to wear a good coat when I sell lemonade outside by the sidewalk.
The boat's direction heads north, never standing in any body of water for too long.
The boy stopped talking to take, hold and bite the doughnut.
He takes off his shirt as he sits on the side of the road next to his broken down trailer.
A man wearing a blue shirt and black hat cleans the pool.
The presenter began to demonstrate and explain the way to shuck an oyster to the crowd at the plaza.
The student was told to sit in front of the computer and answer questions.
A boy wore a hat while balancing the skateboard on the ledge.
The man stretches, sneezes, then wipes his nose and drops the tissue on the floor.
The bucket swish, while the man spit the wine from his mouth.
The man rode his bike while wearing a jean jacket and shoes.
The man in uniform gathered all the flags together while wearing a hat.
The observer decided to stand and watch the mechanic put the very last piece on the corresponding pipe to complete the machine.
The mother walking by the store with her baby in a stroller saw the clerk dressing the mannequin in the window.
Veterans were sitting in front seats of the bus and wearing their medals on their suits proudly.
If I throw the pair of pant and you hold up your hands do you think you can catch it.
The little female used to ride her bike to the top of the sidewalk and she didn't want to wear her helmet so her mom would walk behind her.
A mother gives her newborn a bubble bath in the tub.
The bartender pours the drink into the glass and adds a straw.
a girl asks a dog to come, and  the girl praises the dog with a hand, and  the dog shakes.
The swimmer must turn to reach the end of their round of competition.
The man gives instructions on the correct way to peel an orange.
A group of men was sitting on a beach and they are watching  woman wearing swimsuit runs towards the wave on the background of the sea.
Please sit at the table. Take a bite of the hamburger
The girl wears a sweatshirt with a hood while she uses her laptop.
The couple sat on a rock by the ocean and looked up into the sky.
The singer, Carmen, began to get excited when the fan she had invited to her bus placed his hand on her leg and moved it up her skirt.
A kid jumps by the mountain side of the city.
I am going to take a picture of my friend, who is a skateboarder, while he does a trick.
The boy gave a ride to the girl toddler with his toy car, the boy asked her to sit but gave the girl a push onto the ground instead.
You can coil a cable without much work, but you want a worker to oversee it.
A woman clothes herself in a new dress, holds a drink, and poses.
The crowd holds their breath watching a man walk a tightrope in front of them.
The team holds the trophy up high while they sing their winning song.
The birthday boy sits at the table and makes a wish before he blows out the candles on his cake.
The child will ring the bell on his bike to alert someone he is riding down the sidewalk.
The players trained passing the ball on the field.
A woman with a fit body does tricks using the sail of her sailboat and her surfboard on the water.
The soldier standing at the gate wears a helmet and sunglasses and carries a gun.
The class had to compose a song about teaching someone to hold a scarf.
The horse follows the ball, running through the snow.
The girl sits on the sidewalk and and looks how to adjust the angle to take the photograph.
Please place the pen on the table next to a laptop and notebook and sit down.
A man and a woman went to a dance club, and  The DJ asked all couples to come out and dance to some music, and  He said he's going to watch out for the best dancing couple in the room.
The dog turned to stand at the head of the river.
The man rides a bull and holds his hand in the air.
I will ride my red sled down the snow-covered hill
We began wrestling a match and when he lost the match we shaked the hands.
The dragster takes the lead, leaving smoke along the trail that it takes.
I sit in the corner of the room wearing my headphones as I play the drums.
The child was sitting on the sidewalk to draw a picture using chalk.
The couple hold hands and share a kiss, then the bride tosses her bouquet.
The boy passed the turn and flipped the skate on the rail.
The company bulding the house use power tools to build the roof and make sure it can stand up and not get washed away
A mab sharpens a knife using using a wheel that spins.
He paints the front of the street sign with English words, and looks at his results.
This dryer device allows you to attach hair and curl.
The man wore gloves to wrap the foot with bandages.
The girl walked down the lane wearing rolled-up jeans and bouncing a ball.
A man holds a cigarette while sitting on a step, he is wearing clothes.
A man dig a hole in the ground with a shovel and put the sand in the bucket
At the end of a meal the boy licked his plate and fork.
At work, we use scythes to cut the field of grass
The game involved holding sand in your mouth while standing on a tire
A boy attaches a sail to his tricycle and rides it on the beach.
A person can sit at the top of a mound rock in a shirt.
He took a puff of smoke from his pipe and exhaled it into the air.
A dog catches a squirrel while running in the forest
The daughter and her daddy sits on a big rock and throws rocks at the stream.
The student took on step and threw his javelin before he fell.
The tent is under snow but the hiker can find his friend and poke him awake.
While wearing spurs, a sheriff leaves his truck to inspect the bed for clues.
A girl dries her dog with a towel after giving him a bath.
A doll was connected to a parachute and thrown out a window.
The worker picking vegetables stopped to wave at the farmer riding the tractor.
The group of friends saw an unidentified flying object zoom over the roof of an adjacent building while they were loading their car.
A dog uses a fire hydrant as a hurdle and jumps over it at the end of her walk.
The mom carries her coffee in one hand as she pushes her daughter in the stroller.
The man with the tattoo on his arm was able to stand at the front of the stage with his guitar.
A boy wearing a helmet takes a picture if a plant.
We sit on the couch describing the taste of various wines.
I wear a suit and mask when i spray paint cars.
The man climbs over the tied rope on the mountain and takes cover from the storm.
After a the series of events and the shot it was hard to hear and follow your voice.
The baseball hit the kid while the child was running around the basis.
A boy picks up a sheet of paper to draw a picture with his new pen
The man leans his head against the wall as water pours into the sink.
The boys climbed the rope suspended from the gym ceiling.
The onlookers on the path watched others walk on stilts.
The referee almost had to box himself when he got caught in the ring as the crowd watched.
The crowd watched the game and cheered when the team competed well.
The man stands on top of the hill and looks at the moon in the sky.
The boy spreads his arms and legs wide as he jumps in the air.
The alligator sits back on his log and tells funny jokes.
The man used a knife to open the oyster and looked inside.
The man standing on the mat, stepped onto the ice, and broke his foot falling over.
The woman opened champagne bottle to celebrate victory.
A man uses a clipper to shear the sheep for wool.
The boy snapped your fingers, clapped his hands, and all of a sudden a cat sat in the chair in front of him.
The machine bends and pulls the string in repetition to wind it on a spool.
Sarah draws a circle on the floor and she dances around it, then she asks a kid to hold her tambourine while puts her hand on the floor.
The manager walks past a sign that asks all employees to help eat the leftover pizza from the meeting.
The old man wrapped his arm around the person's forehead and kissed their neck.
A girl removes the cookie on the pan from the oven and put it inside a jar.
The dog could barely carry the ball in it’s mouth from the splash of running through the shallow water.
A man is going to find gems and gold by digging up and sorting through the earths crust.
A girl is sitting on a bench and gathers snow to create a snowball.
The  front of the table was lined with bottles and paper.
A dog punctures a ball that he holds in the front of his mouth.
a cat is sitting on a chair. the cat with a big lap scratches the head of a dog
A man uses a cue to shoot a ball into the pocket.
The girl brushes her hair with a wooden brush and uses the blanket to keep her cold foot warm.
The dog jumped in the air and caught the ball in it's mouth.
The man pulls a piece of paper out of his pocket and slips it into his book.
The toddler heard the song and clapped her hand like it was singed.
The woman stood in front of the machine and wrapped the boxes with plastic.
Ania was carrying a bag made of jeans and she had a swirly pattern made on her sweater.
The woman wearing a red dress is standing at the end of the counter while holding a bag.
The boy put on the belt that allowed him to climb the rock using the rope to hang onto.
The toddler panicked when she smelled smoke and hurt her foot as she fell out of the bed.
Three members of a play about a war enact a scene as soldiers running across the battlefield in the background.
Dogs with mud on their feet stand under a stream of water.
The dog is tied to the pine tree, has a bucket of water and is still trying to bite.
The man uses a pen to write calligraphy on paper.
I was sitting in bed flipping through the pages of a book.
A tire tread can be checked using a penny.
The man held the pipe and blew shapes with the smoke.
The crowd watches the bobsled rider jump over piles of snow.
Unroll the wrapping paper and place the box on top of it.
I was feeding the goat with a bottle, but jumped when the dog barked.
The bat hit the baseball when the player swings.
The woman fills the pot with water and puts the pot on the stove.
A worker should always wear a vest when going to check an area or material.
A boy holds a glass pipe in his mouth while wearing a scarf.
The girl was taken to a quiet area with a comfortable chair to sit in when she decided to shave her head in support of her mother, who is undergoing chemotherapy.
The forecaster pointed at the screen while talking about the weather.
During the day Dad likes to watch the boys throw the ball over the fence.
A womans toddler knows how to use his toothbrush to brush the tooth thats growing in.
Pour the liquid into the jar and cover it with the cloth.
A mother feeds her baby who receives the food in her open mouth.
The kid took off his jeans and socks then pulled on his blanket to sleep.
The man hacks at the pump at the gas station and says, "I hate this broken pump!"
The man saw a dead body and mangled bicycle sitting in the grass near the water.
The boy leans forward and throws the knife into the wood of the tree.
The baseball player stands in the field, swings at the ball, and hits it hard.
The man is going to wear a harness while he hangs over the side of our building to paint.
Use a pick to help climb the wall of ice.
A man turns on a vacuum and begins to vacuum the floor.
I hear a loud bang when the bottle of alcohol hit the wall, and the cork came out.
The man stood up  to move the fruit and the seeds to the end of the street.
The man looks in the mirror as he begins to shave his face.
The boy will wear goggles and sculpt the back of a monument using a machine.
The groomer will hold the clippers, so she can trim the dog's fur.
The girl pulled the branch on the tree to grab a low piece of fruit and took off running.
The light cast a shadow on the doorway as the woman walked past.
The men holding the weight performed a perfect lunge in the gym
The man likes to stand here on the street with a bowl with a banana in it on his head.
I ask my boyfriend to fry an egg and transfer it from the pan to a plate,
The boy continues to drop the baton while learning his routine, but picks it up and tries again.
The boy rode the bicycle on the road around the wooded area.
The musician drums out a beat, using the finger on his left hand, on top of the table.
The man filled the cart with his belongings, pulling it to sit in the chair next to the street.
When the boy wiped his face with his shirt it exposed his belly.
Blow your nose, turn your head to cough, and wear a scarf, while pouring tea from the teapot.
She was wearing sunglasses while drinking water from the bottle.
He pour water on the sponge and started cleaning side of the pool.
While looking at the gallery, the girl held her bag of her photos and dreamed.
The hiker wears a heavy backpack and sits at the side of the mountain trail.
After weaving a basket, the crafts person used glue to apply some decals she cut out.
The lady took a shot and licked the salt off her hand.
Everybody watched while the cheerleaders went out on the court and performed their routine.
The man paused at the building to examine the table left out front.
A toddler holds a toy phone to her ear and pretends to talk.
A girl fixed hair in front of the mirror and decided to wear a different shirt.
The short girl puts her face near the fountain and accidentally sprays herself.
A man talk to a woman while she puts sticks onto a fire in the background.
The girl sat down  with crossed legs to massage the foot.
A lady walks out of a mall, wearing a costume.
The boy sits on the floor, scribbling on a page with a dull point pencil which needs sharpening.
The team who wore the red shirts forced the ball from the player's hand which caused a fumble and the team was unable to score.
The nurse bumped her knee on the bed and told a lie that she had to shave.
The pitcher regretted wearing the new uniform because it was tight in his shoulder and made it harder to throw the baseball.
The puppy really seems to enjoy playing tug-o-war with that fabric strip.
A skier hit a jump and landed on a hill
A man driving a car witnessed a couple of teenagers walk over to a wall to clean up graffiti.
I wanted to sit, but my kid wanted to hang on the tree like a flag.
Sprinkle and powder the sugar on top of the cake.
The goers leave to look at the writer's heart.
He comes beside a tree and tried to climb to the top of it and begins to tie the rope around the branch
I used my foot to pick up marbles and placed them in a cup.
The artist carries his paint in a sack to the front of the wall where she will paint her graffiti.
Man holds football upright on field to be kicked.
A male worked on the street to sell food for money.
A group of students chew gum, scratch their noses and whisper to their friends in class.
A boy sits on a stool to milk a cow by pinching the utter.
I smile as I hug the robot that wears sunglasses.
The man walked down the street to the store that sells cigarettes and flowers.
The teenager took a look on her screen to check the train times, before sitting down and wearing the headphones with them.
An individual jumps a fence and wears a masks and has a match in his hand.
A girl listens to background music while she rides her bike in the snow.
The player reached over the line to backhand the shuttlecock and win the competition.
The woman sat on a pile of rocks and knitted a hat.
A dentist looks a lady while wearing a mask.
The man fixed the light on the top of the roof without wearing a shirt.
The farmer worked on the barrel with his tools - he needed a form of improvised transport for his cabbages.
While sitting on the step, the girl eats her bag lunch and drinks water from a cup.
The cat cuts with its claws and the mouse begins to squirm.
A girl dances to a song in kitchen while washing dishes in the sink.
The boy had to ride his bike carefully across the board to not lose his balance and fall into the stream.
A girl opens a pack of tissues and wipes her nose.
The worker attempted to stand in the brick street.
The golfer went to the golf club wearing pants and a jacket.
The man holds the gear and uses the picture taken by the mirror.
For exercise,the men tied the rope to the wall and watched it wave.
A man shuts his eyes and hangs his head while squeezing the hand of his wife.