The player stood in the field looking at the batter.
The silly kid loves to dance in her room.
A pet cat likes to sleep on a couch.
The mouse climbed the side of the building.
The woman thats talking teaches her students how to climb the wall.
The car drove through the snow.
The boy wants to wear earpods as he talks on his phone.
The team practiced hockey at the outdoor rink.
the ocean is where surfers go to surf
A boy jumps up a flight of stairs taking two at a time.
The school band played their instruments in unison rendering a sweet music.
The students sit in a circle as the teacher talks.
I quickly moved back, while still looking into the eyes of the stranger.
He looked at his watch and then out of the window.
The athlete performs stretches as they prepare to run.
The hiker bought new gear to wear for the walk to the waterfall.
The man on stage is giving a speech.
A man rubs his hands with soap after using the bathrooom.
A girl waved her hand in front of the man.
David had to mow the lawn by 12:00pm, and there are a yard to finish.
Create pottery with a wheel and clay.
The sofa will sit in the living room and will hold visitors who visit.
the man sat down holding the newspaper.
The girl sits as she looks in the mirror while styling her hair.
use the equipment to climb the mountain
The kid wanted to sit in the empty space and stare at the wall.
I didn't mean to kick the ball into the goalie's head.
The female dancer wears a pretty costume on the stage.
A girl was standing with her hands in her pocket.
The cat is sitting on the floor.
A girl sat on the couch with her arms stretched towards the ceiling.
He looks at the clock while lying in bed.
a girl stands in front of the wall watching it
A child eats a meal her mother prepares.
She is to bounce the ball a hundred times I 2 minutes.
The sister cut some hair to style it for prom.
The children walk with their dog on a leash down the street.
A kid slides into the pool.
wash your hand and stand by the wall
The teenagers sprayed graffiti on the wall.
A car was parked on the side of the street.
I took my dog for a ride to the park so we could walk.
the woman rides through the woods on a trail.
The knife cut into the wood chopping board
The cat tried to hold my hand while I tried to clip my nails.
The swimmer can swim in his lane.
I used a blower to blow the leaves into a pile.
Do not stand too close the the wall, it was just painted.
The man falls after he throws the ball.
The boy stands on the side of the boat in the morning.
The girl may fall if she tries to jump to the ground.
A gymnast flips on a mat.
The pitcher will pitch the ball.
The boy pops a wheelie while riding his bike.
A woman stops to listen to a man playing music on a street corner.
The boy wears shoes while walking on the grass.
A girl holds her hand out as the cat watches.
The ball hit the floor.
The woman went into the kitchen to roll out the dough for the biscuits.
The robber pointed the gun at the head of the bank manager.
The boat in the water was docked near the pier.
The woman holds turns on a microphone to sing on stage.
The man stopped to take a picture.
The marching band members dressed in costume and bore their instruments, ready to start.
The toddler had to kick the ball and run on the grass to first place.
In a soccer game players score goal
A girl kept watch when she crossed the street.
A boy sits on the foot of the bed every morning to stretch before leaving his room.
The boy closed his eyes and held his mouth shut because there was a swarm of bugs.
This building is decaying, therefore the girl may need a rope to climb to the top.
when headphones meant to be worn not watched
The student is watching his peers in class.
house jump trampoline is on the yard
The boy put his foot into the sock.
The girl eats the cream with a spoon.
The boat sailed all day.
The class took the stage to perform their part in the performance.
A woman mixes salad in a bowl with a spoon.
A kid is holding a knife in the wrong hand.
The swimmer races down their lane winning the heet.
Its polite to give your chair to an elderly lady so she can sit.
In Badminton the goal is to hit the birdie with a racket without crossing the boundary lines.
The teen had to fix his tire on the bike so he could ride it.
The beautician pierced the ear with the needle.
We put on our climbing gear hen we want to climb a wall.
The boy listened to music on his bike ride.
She bought a new dress for dance class ready to perform.
don't smoke cigarette in the car
In yoga, a lady folded her arms around her chest for a pose.
The child will walk to the top of the hill with his dog.
The girl blew a bubble from her toy.
The girl's mother wanted her friend to cut Macy's hair.
The man helps to wash the dishes.
The man gives a speech to a large audience.
A man runs on a treadmill while listening to upbeat music.
A boy had to hold a kitchen stand when it broke.
The kids put their hands in the air while riding a roller coaster.
The dog eats food inside the house.
dances female and male make a couple dancers
I use a comb to fix my hair.
The rider had to wear a helmet before getting on the horse.
There is a beautiful view of the ocean from a boat.
Johnny hit the ball to score on the other team.
The girl holds the paper with her hand.
when you pole vault you launch over a bar.
The man reached out his hand to open the door
I had to wear my shirt to bed.
The lady knew how to apply her makeup.
Please pour me a beverage in the glass.
dive jump into the pool
I would rather drive down the street than walk.
I stood in the grass and held the trimmer in my hand.
the couple took a ride down the road in their cart
Cheer the number  one racer to race and run faster
The man sat on top of the table played the guitar.
The man wears protective gloves when working with machines.
A woman crosses the street while talking on her phone.
A kid throws a ball in the yard.
face hair like to move across his face
The spa employee rubbed lotion on the client's face.
While driving the boat it looked like the water was standing still.
As the dogs ran, they pulled the sleigh.
The mom watched her teen shave her legs.
The teacher told the kids in class to sit in their assigned seats.
The man plays guitar as he sits on his tall stool
I sit on my bike and ride down the street.
The girl threw the football to score the touchdown that won the game.
The family went to the dining room to eat their food.
We sat in the front of the crowd to watch basketball.
A boy washes his face in the bathroom.
You will have to dress to perform on the stage.
A boy sits down and works at a machine.
He hit the dart board.
The man shaves the side of his head with a razor.
As he walked he threw a rock into the river.
We can talk while we eat at the restaurant.
Do not stand in front of the equipment while it is in use.
The horse pulling the carriage draws to a stop.
I used a brush to clean the window
The barber shaved the man's head with a trimmer.
A lady stands and watches the way the dancers move.
The boy has a smile on his face as he climbs the rope.
People should not drive a car while talking on the phone.
A couple rides down the street.
hill sle stand alone
A player dribbles the basketball around the court.
The kid rolled the ball across the ground.
The girl floated the tube in the river.
Jumping in the pool is more fun than standing
Don trump wont throw  the fist pitch of the game
The ground is covered by snow, and  The family shovelled together.
All people are to stand as the judge enters to hold court.
The little kid had a loose front tooth and the dentist said to brush very carefully.
I hit the board and caused it to flip over water.
The man raises his arms and jumps in a star motion.
I love to listen to music as i exercise everyday.
she can stay in front of the mirror in her room all day long
The car parks on the right side of the street.
The guests wanted to sit at the table in their friends new house.
The man rode the tricycle into his driveway.
A woman runs a path in a park.
As I was walking downtown to catch the subway, the usual street guy who plays his instrument was not there today.
While visiting the beach, the child made a sand castle.
stand and stick your tongue out said the doctor
A man jumps on a horse and rides it up the hill.
The man sat while being tattooed on his arm.
The museum will take the picture of the camel to the basement.
The woman cuts the tomato with a knife.
A candle sits on a table.
The dog was pulling the person while they were out on a run.
an instructor teaches a student
The boy sat down to rub his face.
The ball was serve on  a tennis court
There is a violin stand on the stage.
The filthy dog has to take a bath in the bathtub.
In a team a valuable player is one who can make a shot
A boy jumps over the water in the lake
The couple love to swim in their new pool.
The boy picked up small balls from the ground, and held them in his outstretched shirt.
The boat float down the river.
The lady on the boat paddled to go to the shore.
A man drinks a can of beer in his room.
the team engaged in the game with confidence
The kid skipped a rock at the lake.
The children have to wait in line to use the slide at the play ground.
The chef prepares the dish in the kitchen
The runner prefers jogging on roads.
The girl picked up the hamburger off the table to eat.
The little kid sits in the backseat of the car.
The girls took a ride on the horses to the tree by the lake.
It is hard to cook in a kitchen if you do not have a stove.
a man sees the body of a boy in a canoe on the water
The performer performed on stage.
A man throws a ball to the side.
The man pulled the raft out of the water.
I sat at the base of the tree and held my book in front of me.
Dig the dirt and plant the tree.
The boy in the chair is getting a hair cut as he wanted a new style.
The kid tossed the ball across the court.
A woodworker uses a tool to work on wood and make sculptures.
The boy ran and jumped into the pile of leaves.
Her shirt fell to the floor, in the place that I usually sit.
the man read the paper sitting at the table.
The food was served on the table at the restaurant.
I held the bow waiting to shoot.
The crowd watched the soccer team play the game.
A woman wearing a bikini plays volleyball on the beach.
The girl held the wood in her hand.
She stood in front of the grass.
I stood at the Midi-Pyrenees ski resort and came down skiing as snow hit my face, gently wetting it.
The boy looked at some items in the store.
talk but dont shake your hand
He would sit alone in his room with his keyboard.
Cutting the forest will get re off the woods
The girl will dance when the band plays music.
The dog is walking down the street on a leash.
The little brother had to stand and wait while the older sister looked for their parents.
The man hold the dog while getting water.
The ball hit the wall and bounced off.
The waiter sets the table at the restaurant.
Jump on the trampoline and fly in the air.
A group of kids run and jump into the water.
The teenager spent the day riding the ocean waves on his surfboard.
The lady lifts up the weight.
The athlete will run a race.
the skateboard is inthe middle of the street
The couple in the room has a kid.
I like to wear pajamas when I watch short films in my room.
The artist and his band wearing crazy outfits was performing on the stage
The net held only fish once the water drained out.
There was a fire in the front of building, the people were evacuated and had to stand outside.
A dog went to the park and eats a treat.
The machine at the gym I wanted to use didn't work.
The girl parked her car on the side of the street in front of the house.
The man wears a harness as he climbs the rock wall.
A lady fixes her hair.
The tile floor in the room was broken, so the students could no longer stand on it.
The man sits in a chair to trim his beard.
The kid walked up to the water.
The rider rides a sled down the hill.
The nervous singer chose to sit and hold the microphone.
A man uses an ax to chop logs into fire wood.
The girls goes to her room to lay in bed.
My dad was clearing the path after it snowed.
A diver swims out of the ocean, back to shore.
A man paddles a raft down the river.
A player turns towards home plate and throws the ball.
The water was running from the faucet.
Every sunday there is a great football  game to watch  on tv
The man is pressing weights at the gym.
The boy sits on the swing and his mother pushes him.
We need to wash our hands after we turn he screw driver.
The mother sits on a chair.
A girl went to the pool in swim wear.
The man sharpens his knife so he can cut an apple.
The young girl slept in her seat as the car whizzed by the streetlights
The mok teaches her child how to tie her shoes.
dog pull out to first in the race
The blind man wears sunglasses indoors.
The lady cut my hair for donation.
The woman sings her new song into the microphone.
To play this game, the cards first have to be shuffled.
A ballerina, wearing a pink outfit, dances on a stage.
The short man wears brown shoes.
A few people in the ground were sitting while a few were standing.
I sit at the campsite and blow the smoke from the fire away from my face.
he wear's the guitar strap as he sits down.
A girl peels some potatoes and then places them in a bowl.
Two kids talk as they walk down the hall.
The worker painted the wall white yesterday.
The young girl sits on the ground and watches her friends.
as he sits on his bed he reads his book quietly
The football player liked to talk a lot while on the field
The boy climbed to the top of the cliff.
The goal of soccer players playing in the field is to score.
The man used the brush to scrub his shoe.
Sit there and hold that smile while I take your picture.
The man sits at the side of the table.
I held the cup of coffee while i talked to my wife
The kid loves to swing at the park.
The girls will watch the band perform the music.
If you stand here and look the farthest distance you can, past the mountain, you will see the flying eagle.
The snake handler draped the python over his shoulder.
The crowd will cheer the performance.
The teenager wows the audience by playing his guitar on stage at the talent show.
The young kid hit the ball into the opponents court.
The kid dances on the stage.
The crowd competed who will be in the front
You can cross the river on he rocks.
A player makes the final shot and wins the game.
The boy holds a cup while he stands and watches the game.
The man has to wear the right gear while welding.
The surfer went to the ocean to catch a wave to surf.
The large boat carried items or water.
The woman commands the room while she gives her presentation.
The worker applied plaster to the wall.
The guitar player singed his shirt
Let's roll the ball on the ground.
A man painted a picture of a beautiful lady
A woman enjoys a game where there is a player and a crowd.
Kid look at the shirts  at the store
I stand by the shore near the water.
A man sits on the table with the bags.
I laid the blanket on the bed.
She used a kitchen knife to cut the food.
The climbing instructor demonstrated how to use proper climbing technique, while talking about the sport as well.
The chef used a cutting board to slice the vegetables for his salad.
The boy throws the ball and the dog fetches it.
The pilgrim laughs as he rides his bike in circles.
A game of hockey needs at least one player.
The man sit down in the room to watch television.
I stood and watched the tree rustle in the wind.
The lady will sit down and cover her face.
The players run around the field playing hockey.
a boy gives hugs and kisses to his girlfriend
The front of the audience gasped as the performer singed himself.
The man climbed the ladder and stood on top of the wall.
I shook my head as I watched my friend accidentally walk into a pole.
There is a dance competition where the little girl has to perform her routine
The man uses a raft to move around in the big body of water
The girl wanted to stand in the front of the stage but was placed in the background.
The kid ran into the field to catch a baseball.
The man put his hand on his head.
The boy looked out of the window sadly because the rain kept him inside the house.
a man holds the door for the next person as they walk in the room
The child uses the bubble wand to blow bubbles.
The construction workers could not drill the piece into the wood.
The ball was meant to pass the court and not hit it.
The singer sings a song but singed her hair on a candle.
a man hit ball and turn
A man can catch fish with a fishing pole.
The man worked on his car in the garage all afternoon.
A person cut meat in the kitchen.
He stands on he's board while riding the wave.
The man shook his head while walking away.
a man in the crowd claps with the hands
The boat moves along the water.
The man holds his beer glass at the party.
I can slide the door open.
The girl was sitting in the couch and looking at a bed in a catalog.
If you look through the window of a moving car, you could get disoriented.
The people in the bleachers watch the cheerleaders jump up and down in front of the crowd.
The boy laid on the couch and went to sleep.
He took a hold of the leg stand of the table
He shoots the ball straight into the hoop and the entire court goes wild.
A kid climbs a ladder to picks some apples from a tree.
The truck poured the concrete onto the pavement.
A man drives a scooter down the street.
The player passes the puck in the hockey game.
Michael threw the ball to his open teammate.
The woman fixed her hair whilst looking in the mirror.
Water covered the front of a boy's body.
The cowboy has to lasso the calf quickly.
The lady danced in front of the crowd like no one was watching.
The artist uses paint to paint a picture.
The kids are sliding down the hill.
The policeman directs traffic during rush hour.
as he climbed up the tree, he looked down in fear
The jockey will ride the horse one time around the track.
the woman friends sit and talk as she listens to them.
The toddler ate food whilst in his chair.
A car stops on the street at the stop sign.
The monkey climbs the rope hanging from the waterfall
Team Sakura performed the weekly routine on Saturday at 10:00 am.
The man wear shirt and tie for an interview.
The boy carrying the white board fell over while riding the bicycle.
The man rode the horse to the shallow river.
A toddler can sit on the lap of his mother.
The man washes his car with a hose.
The person's leg touched the floor when he sat down.
I raised my arm so the teacher would notice my hand was up
Sparks will fly when you weld.
The woman pulled the shirt she was going to wear over her head to get it on
A boy folds a hand towel while standing.
the routine of a skater consists in performing
If a woman wants to sit down, the woman can sit on a chair or on the floor.
Whenever the cowboys ride bulls at the county fair the crowd goes wild.
The woman prepares to race, she gets ready to run.
The friends take part in a fun board game.
The team plays baseball in a new field
The toddler looks at the book.
The teenager was going to put her walk on hold so she could find her phone.
The man wore a hat whilst he drove the car.
A lady used a scissors as a tool to cut a piece of thread.
The boy needed a swim suit to go to the pool party.
I sit down to eat my plate of food.
The cook forgot to bring the extra pan to the kitchen.
The child blew the candles out on the birthday cupcake.
We need a ball to play the soccer game in the gym.
A golfer putts a ball into a hole.
The street was covered in snow.
The girl performs her routine on the mats in the gym.
In the front yard we eat food at our bbq.
The boy is on the stage in his costume behind the music stand.
The surfboard coasted smoothly across the water as the wave built up
The boy rides the scooter on a hill.
The bridge spans across a body of water.
A man holds a pair of shoes waiting for his son to get off the slide.
The boy rode his bike up the river.
decorate for the holiday will be a good talk even for tree
The boy sit and play the guitar; while the girls watched.
Mom asked us to go sit at the kitchen table so that we could eat breakfast.
When riding this vehicle, you must wear a helmet.
He ate from the plate of spaghetti.
A man dressed with a suit and a tie sits in front of me in the metro.
One should not wear a full suit to the ocean.
The boy climbed a flight of stairs.
The girl had to pull the sled up the hill.
Mothers feed their babies while they sit in highchairs.
The dog holds the frisbee in it's mouth.
They sing from the stage they stand on.
She climbed up the ladder to trim the hedge.
The woman sits on top of the horse.
The woman rides her snowmobile down the mountain.
The duck is swimming in a lake.
The crowd cheered during the event.
A small boy uses his shirt to hold a large bottle.
The girl wears safety gear when skating.
The girl wonders if the display stand will hold the toy car.
A kid pushes another kid on the swing.
Lets wear a cute costume to the street dance.
The Birthday girl was told to sit in front of her cake at the party.
The boy parked the car in front of the building.
The band marched down the street with many instruments.
The people sit and stand to watch the game.
The famous artist will paint a portrait at the fair.
pick the ball and run the faster you can
A girl jumps into a pool without her swimsuit
The woman sits down to eat a donut.
The skiing man jumped when he was going down a ski slope.
A man would lean outside the window to look at the scenery.
A man smiles as he smokes his cigarette.
A girl does a skateboard trick at a park.
The woman knew she had a lot of snow to shovel.
I often sit down solitary in my room reading non-fiction.
Th sad man got to the top of the cliff to jump off.
The couple will wait in line.
A girl plans to wear a dress and nice shoes to the dance.
When the little girl swims, her mother holds on to her hand.
The couple stands and talks under the tree.
Carry the glass of water and place it on the board.
I stand under a tree and grabbed for the branch.
When you ice fish, first you dig a hole in order to catch any fish.
The girl jumped off the edge, into the pool.
The man is bowling the bowling ball down the bowling alley.
The boy rides the unicycle down the sidewalk.
The boy was taught how to throw a rock into a pond, and .
The car parked outside is covered by snow.
the ball bounce of his head
The would women take a sip of wine from a bottle and get dizzy.
He has been riding his bike on slope for the  last 15 minutes.
when he hit the ball from upstair  it fall on the ground .
The girl kicked the soccer ball into the net and scored a goal.
hand hold toy are great for kids
A comedian talks about life on stage while holding the microphone.
The dealer put the card down on the table.
the girl walked the dog on a leash.
Men are running while playing a basketball game.
The girl will go to the river and try to catch a fish.
The crowd stood up to cheer as the woman walked across the rope.
The pitcher catches the ball.
The girl stands at the front of the pool.
A man puts the glass on the table, and  A woman takes it.
The farmer wore a jacket while driving the tractor.
Toddlers love to throw balls.
A cheerleader performs a routine in a field.
While the men were walking, they looked at the house across the street.
The worker cleaned the floor.
I picked up and apple and threw it in the air so he could catch it
Im going to hold this hockey stick while wearing my favorite team's shirt.
The man ate a burger at the table.
A man is playing flute sitting on a chair
The cheerleader performed their routine in front of the stadium crowds.
toss the ball to the air
The man couldn't stand on the surfboard while the water was rough
The book is on the girl's lap when she reads.
A lady put makeup on her eyes.
The man blows the leaves off of his lawn.
The band stood in front of the doors to the gym.
holloween the kid wear costume and walk the street pick up candy
The kid wanted to ride on the motorcycle.
A man was on a horse trying to catch a cow with the lasso
A man stands on the grass and then sits down.
hand wash on the faucet is ideal
ride the road to find the best area
The kid swang on the swing in the playground.
He sprayed his car with water.
She uses the sewing machine to mend the garment.
The boy came forward to hit the ball.
While sitting and talking at dinner, she smiles at his joke.
The girl rode on top of the horse.
The family opens presents on Christmas!
In the bar some girls sing different songs.
She stands in the street holding an umbrella.
People use brick and mortar to build the walls for their house.
I put the thread on the sewing machine.
The girl pours herself a glass of beer while sitting at the bar.
The surfer fell off his board when the wave hit.
The child held the woman's hand. A group of teenagers hit the front of the car. The woman held the child's hand. A chair stands on four legs.
The face of the rock was so dry he decided to wet a towel and wash it.
The woman rides a bicycle down the street instead of walking.
The teenager made a big mess in the bathtub giving her dog a bath.
The baseball player got a hit for a single when he was last at bat.
The worker will pour and smooth concrete to make a sidewalk.
A girl will perform her routine of jumping rope.
The boy must run from one end of the court to the other to throw the ball into the hoop.
A front stage crowd dance.
The man hangs suspended outside the building to clean the windows.
A mother stands at the sink washing the dinner dishes.
The man hit the ball with the stick out of the field.
The man drinks beer while he sits at the bar.
The player scored a goal for his team.
I stood to throw the knife at the wood target and cut the apple into pieces
The owner told the dog to come, and then wait.
The player on the field kicked the football in to the goal
The woman looked at her hair while standing in front of a mirror.
While the man lifted weights, he listened to music on his iPod.
A man shuffles a deck of cards in his hands.
The officer will stand in the middle of the road to direct traffic.
I need you to hold a piece of paper in your hand for me.
The man sits on the bench to eat his delicious peaches and cream dessert.
The girl uses a rope to climb the side of the mountain.
The bowling ball rolled straight down the center of the lane and knocked down all of the pins.
The girl put her contact lens in her eye.
The man stands on the ladder to paint the wall.
The actress used a curling iron to curl her hair.
A man drills an apple on the peeler to peel it.
The woman walked her dog to water to keep it's body hydrated.
you have to use the chisel to carve the wood and not the hammer
The entire team ran out onto the field except one player, he decided to walk.
The cowboy rides the horse in the rodeo.
The teenagers laughed at the sound of ripping a piece of paper.
Sit on the table and read the newspaper.
The Dallas Cowboys always score a field goal when the quarterback's run with the balls.
The man wearing the shirt took the picture.
The woman parked her car on the side of the street.
The clown juggles the ball while stands in the room.
when you stand up, that shirt looks too short to wear outside
He would sit in front of the machine to sew a quilt.
The crowd will watch the man ride a horse.
The lady at the gym lifts five pound free weights.
A athlete would run track in the hurdle.
The boy demonstrates how to clean the window with a squeegee.
A little boy sat on the porch eating a piece of watermelon.
After a long day of work the women would sit at the table and drink a glass of wine.
You ride the horse around the area near the fence.
Take a piece of paper and fold it.
My son, James, wanted to sit on the couch and blow up the balloons.
The woman's hand grabbed the toy as she was sitting down in the chair.
The boy folds a piece of cardboard and places it inside his shirt.
The Magician got in front of the crowd to perform the trick.
Her dog likes to stand and look in the snow.
I wear a hat when I ride a horse.
A young boy would use his toothbrush to brush medicine on his tooth to help his tooth ache.
A woman uses a brush to brush her hair.
The crowd watched a performed dance
The dog got sprayed with the water hose.
The girl sits on the floor to fold the clothes.
The peeling machine was used to peel an apple.
The woman continued to dance while she was holding her posing toddler.
The swim team will cheer for the person in the pool lane.
The kid jumps off the pool from the jumping board.
The young girl would sit at the table for hours to put the puzzle together.
A boy uses his hand to stop a ball from bouncing off the tennis court.
Watch him jumping from the cliff to the water
The man drove he's car up to the gas station to pump in some gas.
The Mum needed to feed the baby it's food using a spoon before she could eat herself.
The rider ride the camel walks across the desert.
The man holds the umbrella for the woman while walking in the rain.
A couple walked onto the floor to dance to the music.
A man sits on a bench and pours water over his body.
One child was holding the broom with a firm grip as he swept the floor.
A piece of wood breaks off from its hold on the wall.
A boy catches a fish from the river by using his net.
Let's sit down on the bench and talk about our phones.
The boy took the mower for a ride on the track to race his friends.
The dog stood near the man in the field who was holding the leash.
a woman stands on the court holding a racket
The woman visited a spa, where she had a wax treatment to remove the hair from her leg.
Lucy stood in the bucket and smashed the grapes with her feet.
Throw the ball past the lane into the alley.
The kid slides through the slide to reach the pool's water.
The girl will wear her jacket to walk through the snow.
The dog that ran across the grass did not wear a lead.
The couple will ride their skateboards down the road.
The boy will dig a hole in the sand at the beach.
The woman demonstrates how to apply mascara on the eyelashes.
The lady used a dryer to dry her hair.
The dog jumps up in the air in a field.
The girl lied in the table to have her leg massaged.
The girl will hold the boy's hand when they cross the street.
The machine fills the bottle with liquid.
You are a dog you should watch me fly a kite whore.
The team celebrates after winning the game.
John wore his helmet when riding his motorcycle on the road.
The scuba diver wears scuba gear to swim in the water.
The girl will wear this outfit to perform on stage.
The massage parlour only focused on toes and would not touch your hand or even the rest of your foot.
The dog can hold the leash in his mouth.
Push the car on the street at night.
The bird will eat food from the girl's hand.
The man watched the player in the game as the team won.
Iam going to watch my son, run his car around the track and to stop at the pit
I pick the apples from the tree and put them in the bag.
Dad uses the powerful blower to blow all of the extra leaves into a big pile.
The teacher clapped her hands to get the children's attention to sit on the floor.
I suck the egg yolk out of the bottle.
A baseball player hits the ball and runs to the first base.
Take a break and sit on the bench
The man pulled the rope to hold the anchor of his boat out of the water.
The man used a drill to put a hole in the piece of wood.
I needed to put on my wetsuit so I could ride the the surfboard on the ocean wave.
The first thing the cooking teacher did was give her students instruction on how to sharpen a knife.
The photographer took a picture of the bride and groom.
A child chewing gum blows bubbles.
Jimmy rests his head on his hand when he sits at his desk.
The man put on a shirt to wear so that he could sit down at the restaurant table for dinner.
While sitting on the floor, the girl will wax the chair leg.
A woman uses an iron and a board to iron a shirt.
A man pulls the fish from the hole in the ice.
Please put the bowl on the table when you are finished eating the cereal.
The woman tells her friends a joke and they all laugh loudly.
At the ceremony, the priest washed one foot in water.
The teenager performed a trick while riding on his skateboard.
People use a scrub brush to clean the toilet.
The goalie blocked the shot that would have won the team the game.
The ice sculpture artist started cutting his ice block with the chainsaw.
The dog ran fast as it chased the rabbit around the track.
the man singe his shirt while speaking into the wear microphone
A kid can use a knife to carve a pumpkin and then throw pumpkin in the trash after Halloween.
The kid rode the bike down the street.
Tourists take a lot of pictures of the beautiful building.
A woman sits on the floor and examines a piece of paper.
I lifted the barbell, through it at his head, and he fell to the ground.
The archer pulled on the bow shooting the arrow  against the target butt.
The man uses his tool to carve a piece of wood.
A man throws the ball down the lane to knock all the pins down.
The girl lays her leg on the table to have it waxed.
The man blowing up balloons, likes to wear a large hat.
The girl performed her dance routine in front of the audience.
The dog pulls the sled through the snow
The children ran as they flew the kite in the field.
A boy spent the evening sitting on the couch and watching a documentary on television.
This arcade has a dart board hanging on the wall that you can throw darts at.
Give that girl a piece of paper and a pencil and she will write you a love letter; that's the kind of girl she is.
When the worst player kicked the ball into the goal the crowd went insane.
I use a razor to trim the beard.
The coach taught the kids how to throw the ball and hold the bat.
He likes to give instructions to he's son to tie he's tie.
When the woman lays her head down on the sink the stylist can wash her hair.
The man doesn't wear his hat while sitting on the bench in the park.
Once he caught the ball in his hand he took a hard roll onto the pavement and broke his arm.
A boy danced around the room while listening to music.
The older man sat on the bench in front of the building.
He cuts the top of the pumpkin with a knife.
He stops his car at the cross walk to let the man cross the street.
The dog sits on a bench in the park.
The young girl chose to wear her most revealing uniform to run through the field at night to meet her lover.
A girl plays a game of chess and moves her favorite piece, the queen, in many ways across the board.
The dog is going to stand by my leg with the ball.
I ride horses and watch the dog follow squirrels.
While playing in the snow, the kid will throw a snowball.
The way I fold shirts was demonstrated to me by my mother.
A woman's pet cat laid down on the bed.
The woman was a good horse rider and she knew if she could get her stalion to jump the fence she would have a winner for the weekend meet.
The man used a tool to pick the lock.
A rock stands in the water beside the body of a girl.
The family enjoyed spending time together sitting around the table at meal times.
A boy walks on the stage to accept his award.
as I sit in the chair, I washed the dirt off my left foot
The woman is attaching a rope to a tree in order to climb it.
A boy standing on cross street and waiting for taxi
The duck flapped its wings in order to land on the water.
I like to be in the crowd to watch volleyball at the beach
The dog's owner takes him on a walk.
The boy stood on the line to  throw the ball to the basket in the distance.
she wears a helmet & sits on the motorcycle.
The players like to catch and throw the baseball with a mitt.
This piece of pottery was worked on the wheel at the studio.
I can demonstrate how to tie your shoe using the lace.
I like to skip a stone in the body of water.
He sat in the chair and got his shoes shined.
The actor performed a dance on stage in his costume.
we went  to the track to watch Alex jump the hurdles.
The girl will sit on the bench and wait for the bus.
A dog carrying a stick runs to it's owner.
The team chased the ball across the field of play.
A dog eats food from a bowl.
The man looks at his cigarette and takes a puff.
A man sat with his feet on the floor to tie his shoes.
The teenager's landscaping job is to go up a ladder to trim the top of tall hedges.
It was hard to stand outside in the could and hold a shovel in the snow.
He looks in the mirror when he shaves his face.
The woman in uniform prepares to kick the ball.
A man with a small body rides water skis.
A crowd gathers on the street and waves the flag.
The dog drinking water wears a collar.
In this game, players run across a field and kick a ball.
The young girl threw the rock and watched it skip across the water.
The man adjusts the trebuchet, increasing its weight, along the Y axis so the rocks would smash into its target, throwing heavy stones at the wall, collapsing it.
The man painted graffiti on the side of the school building.
The girl sat on the chair and had her ears pierced by the professional.
The cowboy rides a horse while while roping the calf.
The doctor told her patient that she would need to perform surgery on his back in order to stabilize his spine.
watch the ball spin as it bounces over that rope attached to the tree
So there I am at the party, standing on the second floor looking at John, so I hit the ball against his face, then I turn around and pretend it isn't me and take a leap of faith that John won't suspect of me.
The man wearing the red shirt climbed the wall.
A boy wearing a blue shirt reads a book.
A girl holds the phone up to her ear to listen to her friend talking.
The man wore a glove while piercing his ear.
I sit in my chair and pop my balloon.
He would throw his arm back and hit the target with the axe.
The crowd will cheer when the team scores a goal.
The dog ran across the field to catch the frisbee his owner threw him.
The hair dresser had a special today only $25 for a shampoo, blow-dry, and brush out.
During football season boys eat chips while sitting on the couch.
I took my shoes off before using a brush to scrub the dirty soles of them.
The girl will stand at the podium to give the speech.
The bride and groom cut the cake today!
It's fun to sit at a table to carve a pumpkin.
A card dealer deals cards while sitting at a table.
The special boy would sit in his highchair and eat spaghetti with his left hand, never using a fork.
The older woman had a cart to push down the street during her walk for balance.
The girl flashed the light while performing on stage.
The man walked down the street holding the flag high for all to see.
She wrapped a paper box  on the table.
The saw will cut a piece of lumber.
A worker came out to the house to cut a branch off of the tree.
The girl would both tap and beat her pen on the table.
The group of guys had to pull the boat into the water to catch fish.
A dog went to a beach for a run after drinking some water.
The soccer team forms a line to shake hands at the end of the game.
The player caught the ball to win the game for his team.
The marching band walked down teh street.
The man makes sure to put his gloves on before he can box so that he doesn't get hurt while he hits the boxing bag.
The boy rode his bike past the front of that office building.
The gave the student instructions on how to fold the paper.
the boy wearing the green shirt kicked the ball.
A mom holds her son’s hand and jumps in the pool with him.
The family is sitting at the table when they hear a shot take place outside.
When men or women throw a stick to a dog the dog runs to fetch it.
The lady chose to sit in her car, then she decided to wear her sunglasses.
The kids like to wear goggles when they swim at the pool.
roll a piece of the dough on the baking paper using the pin they gave you.
During the polo match, the man hit the ball with a stick, during his ride on a horse.
The worker takes a lunch break at work to eat.
It is nice to drink a beer while sitting at a table talking with friends.
The man will take a walk to the park with his dog, and sit on the bench to watch the ducks.
We sit at the table to eat dinner with the family.
You should wear a shirt while cooking meat on the grill.
A man wearing a coat walks down a street holding an umbrella.
The girl stands in front of the sink and brushes her teeth.
A girl digs a hole in the ground to plant a tree.
The baseball player hit the ball, made the run to first base and scored before the other team could touch the ball.
The girl walks on the beach making footprints in the sand while holding her shoes in her hand.
The boy threw the frisbee in the air for the dog to catch.
She is trying a braid, wearing a jean & shirt & holds a wire in her hands.
The girl runs around the track and jumps over the pile of sand.
The woman found it was easier to stand and apply dye to her hair using the bathroom mirror.
The soldier taught the student how to treat a wound.
A man wears skis and holds a rope attached to a boat that pulls him.
The pitcher throws the ball to the batter in the game of baseball.
A man picks up a barbell to workout, drops it on the ground. He picks it up again and lift it over his head.
The individual model walks the ramp wearing the attire and a hat.
I saw someone perform a trick in front of me by swallowing a sword.
The crowd at the front of the stage watched the band perform.
The man would look silly wearing a suit to climb up a mountain.
You can walk easily in the streets if the cars are parked in the building courtyard.
The boy sits in his chair and eats the food in his bowl.
The man was sitting in the chair, clapping his hands while talking about his crazy day.
A girl blows and pops bubbles while chewing her gum.
The bridesmaid wears a dress and helps the bride receive the ring.
stand near the river and throw the object into the water
The dog runs on the grass and catches the ball in its mouth.
A man drives his car down the street between the yellow center line and the white side line.
Discuss the way hoe we can protect our phone from  water shedding.
The owner throws the ball so his dog can chase it.
A man uses his arm to pull down a cable in the gym while performing exercise.
A couple hold hands while walking down the street.
We discuss the type of pipe to use instead of wood.
hands must be washed in sink with soap and water before returning to work
A boy holds deck of cards in his hand and is ready to shuffle them.
The woman stood at the microphone at the front of the stage and began to sing to the audience sitting in the stadium.
The man poured oil into the motorcycle sitting on the floor.
The teenage girl stood a the table eating watermelon with her hands.
The man was using a leaf blower to blow the leaves into a pile in the yard.
A boy falls riding his bike when he tried to jump on a ramp.
The girl says that faces start laughing as the feet stick together and fall.
The man threw the ball down the lane to knock down all of the pins.
Take the boy to the place with the concert and watch the band on the stage.
The dog performs tricks in the field with a frisbee.
The man wears a hood as he stands and covers a wall with graffiti.
The dogs jumped in the water and held the stick in his mouth.
The man wears a shirt whilst he drinks his glass of beer.
The boy blew out the candles on his birthday cake after his parents sang Happy Birthday.
The bartender picks the bottle and toss it and pour the drink in the glass.
The woman took a break from her ride in her car to stop at a rest stop to check her phone.
I picked an apple from the tree and put it in my bag.
A teenager was about to take his turn, when he shoot the ball towards the net.
We played a game on the movie clip, it was called follow the graphic number!
A girl ride a bike and wear a shirt and a helmet
For clean hands, run hands under the tap and use water to rinse hands.
A man wore the mask while he painted the wall with the roller.
The woman holds the empty water bottle under the machine to fill it with liquid.
A man sits holding an instrument in his hands and blows it.
The locksmith holds the pick in one hand and uses the tool to open the lock.
The man stands by a flag holds his gun and shoots.
The student laughed when the piece of paper ripped when sitting down.
The dog hurt his leg trying to catch a ball and now he cannot stand on it.
The woman who pierces ears should wear protective gloves and have the person sit when piercing ears..
Sit in the chair to get your hair cut with clippers.
A boy holding a racket hits a ball across the room.
At the dealer table, I made a deal, and i put all my chips in for a certian card.
A goalie moves backwards in a football practice to protect his net from goal.
The alligator liked to sit and hold its mouth open on top of the water.
The boy stops and looks for cars before using the crosswalk to cross the street.
The surfer rides the wave in the ocean by standing on a surfboard.
Begin dinner by pouring the ingredients into the pot and stir.
The wicket keeper wears the mitt and catches the ball after the ball hit the helmet.
James is climbing on a ladder to clean the gutter of John's house.
When I walked into the room a man was standing at the front to give a report on his sales, he was using a pointer to point out current sale percentages on the screen.
the toddler in the room walks towards his toys to hold them.
The man drives a truck down the street while he picks up trash from different houses.
The children sit on the floor and build a huge house of cards.
The teenager hit his ball in the range of 20 feet while music played in the background.
The boy throws the item and it knocks the card off the table.
Grandfather sat on the couch and turned the newspaper pages, reading the classifieds.
The boy can continue to watch them hit the ball from the side line.
The surfer went to the beach on a sunny day to surf the waves.
The big brother helped the toddler push the cart to the store.
A saw a teacher stand in front of a class and not move.
The workers wear vests when they work on the train.
The girl holds an object in her hand and wears a blue shirt.
a boy demonstrates how to use a machine instead of using a needle to sew and thread.
A kid throws a bunch of balls on the field.
they were playing with ludo board using dice and moving the piece of dolls when their roll come
At the football game, the crowd cheered when the touchdown took place.
To shoot an arrow you need to prepare the bow so that it reaches the target.
The chairman gave an award while standing at the podium and talking to the audience.
I hold a book with the sign of peace on the cover and reading it which teaches me a lot.
The coach is holding the ball and turns it slightly to throw into the circle as target
The youth bang their heads as they listen to the beats of the music.
One can cut and hold a piece of wood with the saw.
The kids solved disagreements by playing the game rock, paper, scissors.
The kid stood in line for the ride while I chose to sit on the bench.
The woman uses her brush to apply makeup to her face.
The woman performs triceps exercises at the gym by pushing a weight over her head.
The mother laughs at the little girl sitting on the floor and eating chips
A pretty lady uses her cellphone to sit and talk on the step.
A man poured a beer into a glass from the tap in a bar
Hold the animal down while I get the stuff to pierce her ear.
The conductor asked to begin the music so the dance floor would stand at attention.
She has to hold the fork with her hand to eat the spaghetti
The tree was standing while the sun shone on it's leaves.
A boy wears goggles when swimming in a pool of water
Stir the food in the fry pan with a spatula.
A cowboy at the rodeo took a ride on a bronco, which proceeded to buck him off.
The man wears a mask while he holds the banner and his friend holds a sign.
The kid was told to stand by the fence while he fed the goat.
The band consists of a drummer and guitarist who will perform tonight.
He used the drill to drill a hole into a piece of wood.
The woman carrying her purse walked in front of the building.
The produce vendor in the market sells fruits and vegetables.
The girl climbed up the rope in order to throw the ball into the open air.
A boy goes to the gym to pull some weights and use other exercise machines.
The fruit in juice prevents and treats oxidation.
The bench in front of the building is a place groups like to gather to sit or stand.
She took a drink from the cup then vomited in the sink
The front of the gym had people lifting in front of the mirrors using weights.
The skateboarder jumped over the ramp and tore the shirt he wore that day.
The calf was tied up with rope at the rodeo by a man riding a horse.
As the man continued creating his dance the man chose to end it by holding his final pose.
The player hit the ball and tried to slide to home base, but the catcher was able to tag him.
A boy stands in the basketball court tossing a ball against the wall.
The worker had to pull his chair across the floor to sit and use his sander.
A player used his right hand to hold a dart and throw it at a board in the pub.
The basketball team likes to pass ball before every game.
A dog jumped the fence to catch a bird in its mouth.
Steadily holding the knife in hand, Sarah peeled the rind from the orange.
A man cuts pineapple using a knife by playing music in the background
While you stand, close your eye to solve the cube.
A young girl is holding a book, after she finished reading, she turned the page.
The boxer loves to wear his boxing gloves at the gym, he hits the boxing bags to prepare for boxing match.
I ride on my scooter and out of nowhere a passerby swings a punch that knocks me off and I land on my bag
The box had a key attached to it for the man to open and use the contents as directed.
The athlete  will run around the track and leap over the hurdle.
A boy wearing red shoes drinks water  opening a bottle and hits the wall using the empty bottle to hear the sounds.
A teenager demonstrated that he knew how to shift gears while driving a car.
A boy sat at the table and used a pen to beat on it like a drum.
There is shaving cream in the bathroom to help shave grandpa's head with the razor.
The teacher explained the steps of how to fold a piece of paper.
A bird landed on the water to catch a fish.
We hit the ball with a good swing from the golf club on the course today.
The artist used the chisel and hammer to carve the piece of wood into a work of art.
The lady wore her dress and shoes while sitting at the table.
A woman looks in the mirror and irons her hair to curl it.
The dog jumped on the counter to eat the food placed there.
The cowboy carries a Mexican flag while riding a horse in the arena.
The man likes to smoke hookah, he watches the smoke fill the room as he blows it out of his mouth.
A man against a fence attempts to fight using a stick against another man who threw a knife at him.
We walk down the trail admiring the background of mountains covered in snow.
The grandmother demonstrates to the children the technique used to knit with yarn and a needle.
The worker wear a hat to dig the hole.
I use markers to color the map of my country.
The teen stands looking at the water below the cliff edge, ready to jump.
The man wears a jacket as he walks down the street and carries a bag.
The girls pressed the button and inserted a coin into the machine.
The lady takes the wash out of the washer and hangs them out the buildings window to dry.
At the front, the soldier's hat and jacket stand on a mound of dirt, making the items too dirty to wear.
The kids dance to music on stage in front of an audience.
A crowd had started to gather around the woman and her son as they watched a man dressed as a clown juggle three fire sticks on the side of the street.
The dog holds the rope in his teeth and is up in the air.
I attempt to pick up a piece of my clothing off the floor and fold it neatly
The officer directed traffic by blowing the whistle.
The ladies use the yoga ball and rope for sitting exercises during the gym fitness class.
The musician hit the gong with a mallet while standing in front of the audience.
The girl gymnast begins her routine and performs a jump on the beam.
I went to a farm with animals, and while i was there i saw a guy catch a horse with a lasso and then ride it.
She rubbed her hair in his face as he stuck out his tongue.
The children stand around Grandpa in the kitchen as he would flip the pancake into the pan with ease.
Sit next to the piano, hit the key, and smile.
The dog walks from the fireplace to the table as the family plays the game.
A couple was sitting on a bench tying balloons together.
The chef will use a bottle to separate the egg yolk from the white.
The family walks down the track with their dog in the winter.
The car holds a kid who is wearing his sunglass listening to dance music.
A polo player rides a horse on the field and hits the ball with a mallet.
The kid looked at the goldfish that flipped out of the water and fell on the floor.
He comes to work with a bag. He is a machine worker. After he is done with work, he collects money & leaves.
Standing on top of the mountain, the girl raised their arms up in the air.
The girls sat and read a book about what to wear, he though a shirt would look nice.
The man stands in yard in the evenings spraying water on the grass with the a hose.
The boy's dog carried a toy in his mouth while they walked.
The gymnast continued to flip and jump from side to side until she ended her routine.
The kids were talking about school while building a sand castle on the beach.
The kids gather leaves and put them into bags.
In a drum set you sit and hit the cymbal with the stick.
I sit down at the the table to beat or tap on my music machine.
The neighbor gave the kid a balloon for running and throwing the dog toy back in the yard.
The woman was hired to clean the gutter people use every day. A bird can stand on a roof and sing for a long time..
The man used his hand to press and hold the control button.
I need a sharpener to sharpen the blunt pencil I hold in my hand
A couple at the beach holds hands and looks at the water.
The girl begins to brush the front of her hair in front of the mirror.
The players wearing jerseys hold their sticks as they stand near the stadium.
The man used a knife to cut a piece of meat from the roast.
In the morning, I wash up, brush my hair, shave and check my tooth.
A chef cuts a piece of tomato on the board.
The athlete runs down the field to throw the javelin.
The man demonstrated how to cook scrambled eggs in a pan.
The dogs pulls for a snow sled team.
The barber uses clippers to cut hair and shave heads.
My grandpa uses tools to cut blocks of wood.
Boys like to surf the waves at the shore, before the water crashes.
The boy ran the ball up to the hoop to jump up and make his first slam dunk.
The dog attempts to climb the ladder to follow the man onto the roof.
The kid loved watching the fish swim in the big tank.
The man demonstrates how to use the gauge to check the pressure.
A machine worker wears a mask while welding a piece of a gear and metal together.
A young girl throws a baton in the air and spins while she performs her dance routine.
a worker holds a shovel in his hand while examining his field of vegetables
The boy threw a ball at the wall, but it bounced off and hit him which made him fall to the ground.
The woman use a bottle to crack an egg yolk and put in a bowl.
A girl listened to music while using a hand to pick fruit from a tree.
The dog was sitting on the couch watching television with the boy.
The person built a fire to roast a pig and turn it with a stick.
My hand shakes at the silhouette of the world on the map.
The man demonstrates how the small drill works as a peeler as he peels the apple.
The coach stands on the field to watch the player as he interacts with the team.
A group of teenagers eat some food that they picked by hand and then put into their mouth.
"A woman writes the word pepper on a piece of paper."
If you stand your body at the right angle, you can skip rocks across water.
A woman arches her back while standing on an object against the wall and next to a window.
The traffic police directs the car driver not to stand in the middle of the street blocking the way.
The bird eats the food from the cup that is the owner is holding.
The boy runs to catch the ball before it falls on the ground.
The dog was running on the track wearing a number.
I am used to take a couple of strolls with my friend cain
A man cracks an egg into a pot and then adds some butter.
I will burn you with a tool with a design of a piece of wood on it.
The girl was excited to wear a new dress while performing in front of the audience.
The man drives the car past the pedestrian crossing in front of him on the road.
A customer watches the restaurant employee prepare the food.
The man stands near the bank and casts a line into the water to catch fish.
The girl gives a dog a treat to teach him how to sit.
My sister wears Apron while cooking and frying in the pan especially sausages.
The woman cooks the vegetables in the pan on a stove and puts the vegetables on top of the meat.
The man wore a glove on his hand to open the oyster.
The man will stand next to the gas pump and hold the nozzle in his car to fill it with gas.
The group of children pushed the wheelbarrow up the hill and then fell and sat at the bottom.
The girl begins to dance and perform a routine full of stunts and tricks.
A farmer holds a razor he used to shave wool off a sheep
The dance was performed on stage by professionals, wearing elaborate costumes.